0	Hi McGruff I know what you are going through .
0	I too didn't sleep for a long time .
0	Oh for the days when You weren't scarred out of your mind .
0	But it does get better .
0	I am on this a lot can't sleep so anytime you need to talk let me know .
0	I love this site too but can't quite figure it out .
0	I'll read your web page tonight after work so I'm more in-tune to what's going on .
0	Hang in there Denise
0	I am new to this forum my name is maggie .
0	I was diagnosed in Aug .
0	I just wanted to let you know  that I went thought the same feelings you are having .
0	Confused worried and I was even angry) I don't know how this works but you can e-mail anytime for questions or just to have someone to listen .
0	May God bless you and I hope everything comes out ok .
0	Hi McGruff: I just a lumpectomy and I'm waiting to see the oncologist - my guess is chemo and radiation and who knows what else .
0	But I surely know the feelings and the confusion and as much as everyone around me is so proud of me for being so positive and upbeat I wonder where this strength is really coming from .
0	"Someone e-mailed me and said ""The Lord will not give you anymore than you can handle ."
0	Put your life in his hands .
0	And so that's just what I've done .
0	I take one day at a time and just pray that I have the courage and the strength to get thru whatever is in store for me .
0	I ask alot of questions especialy from the wonderful women that I've met on this site .
0	This is truly amazing .
0	I can't wait to get home each night to get online .
0	If nothing else picks up your spirits talking to others for support and compasion has by far lifted my spirits and I'm sure it will lift you too .
0	Keep in touch either on this site or e-mail direct anytime Just think of it as we are all strolling down the same path together and if one of us falls I know the rest will be right there to help out .
0	It doesn't get any better than that!
0	God Bless talk to ya soon . Vinnie
0	I too was very confused .
0	I have found faith and read my bible .
1	I had a lumpectomy and 2 chemo treatments going for my 3rd tomorrow .
0	I was scared but now have found strength in the Lord .
0	He is helping me to be strong .
0	I still cry alot but that's okay .
0	I wish you well .
1	I will be starting radiation after my 4th chemo treatment .
0	I am looking forward only not backwards .
0	One day at a time . Pwal@dhdkdn . Com
0	Hi luvpeg Well on the road again!
1	I've had the mastectomy and the lymph nodes were positive .
0	Have to see the surgeon on 9 28 for follow-up and then maybe the name of the Medical Oncologist to see .
1	Never was a drinker but I guess the chemo cocktails will be next .
0	My good wishes for a good tomorrow .
0	I am also an African American survivor who didn't feel comfortable with a wig and couldn't sport a bald head at my stuffy corporate workplace .
0	What I've done is wear scarves wrapped around my head in the style that is so fashionable now with women of color .
0	Many people have no idea that I am without hair they just think it's my style .
1	I feel like myself more than I ever could with a wig .
0	I had a medium short natural hair style and it was impossible to find even a distant approximation . )
1	Hi I just finished 4 treatments of A C and am starting weekly taxol and herceptin tomorrow .
0	My hair has started to grow back already and my Dr . Said it should continue to do so .
0	However I feel just like you I have a wig and have never worn it!
0	I can't stand it .
1	I always wear a bandana .
0	Everyone says they all look so cute but I don't think that once my hair comes back in that I will ever want to wear one again :) The American Cancer Society has a Look Good Feel Better program that is free to you .
0	I think that cosmetologists are the volunteers .
0	You may want to check that out if you really want a wig made .
0	You might find some help there .
0	I hope that all is going well for you!
0	Thanks for your note .
0	It is nice to see someone else out there sported the bald look as I am doing .
0	My hair finally growing back .
0	Thank goodness I really didn't think it was going to be that bad being bald but it was a challenge . :)
0	I have had the same problem but in my legs not my arms .
0	Please contact me @ rkester@citgo . Com (Roger Kesterson) I may be able to shed some light on what you are going thru .
1	I take zoloft more for a depression but my ob gyn put me on a clondine patch for hot flashes .
1	I'm 24 and just had a hysterectomy so am in surgical menopause .
0	The chemo never did it just made me irregular .
0	Hope this info helps!
0	I had a total hysterectomy the same day I found out I had BC .
0	So no estrogen .
1	I tried clonodine for about 7 weeks but stopped when chemo made me so sick I couldn't keep anything down .
0	My hot flashes and night sweats keep me awake half the night .
1	My doctor said I could try one of the soy-based menopause products and vitamin E .
1	I've been taking them for two weeks now but not much change .
1	However I've read that it takes several weeks before you notice a change so I will stick with it for awhile .
0	I'll let you know if it helps .
0	I'm 35 and have been fighting metastatic breast Ca for 10 years .
0	A part of my current treatment is zoladex which chemically ablates my ovaries so in essence it puts me into instant menopause .
0	The hot flashes were horrendous .
1	I have finally found relieft by taking Effexor .
1	Like Zoloft it's used to treat depression and generalized anxiety but Effexor has show promise specifically for those who experience hot flashes because of chemotherapy or other cancer-related treatments .
0	With me it worked with the first dose .
0	Now if I could only get something to help with my insomnia! :->) Good luck!
1	Jamie Melatonin is exactly what my oncologist told me to take since it has two benefits .
1	It helps your body get into a natural sleep pattern naturally and has been shown to help with cancer .
0	Always ask your doctor first but mine was the one to suggest it .
1	I took Zofran twice a day for three days after chemo and I didn't get sick at all .
1	It is expensive but worth it .
0	I had visions of being deathly ill - tiredness was the worst part for me .
0	There is alot of support here as you know .
1	After the first one it will be better - you will know what to expect!!!
1	Herceptin is now only used for metastases in those who are HER2 and Hummb has mets .
1	Taxol in the beginning was the same way - then after trials it has been added to anyone with one or more lympth nodes involved .
1	Probably some day that may be the protocol .
1	Adriamycin is very effective with HER2 as a first line of defense .
1	If you don't enter the trial you won't get herceptin .
1	If you do you might or might not so there is a bit of an advantage in doing it - especially if you are young .
0	I never was sick from the chemo .
1	There was pre-medication with Zofran and Decadron for anti-nausea and then Zofran for three days after - on time- whether you think you need it or not .
1	The way to go is to take the meds just in case because if you get sick it's too late .
0	I was soooooo relieved .
0	I had pictures similar to those I'm sure you have in your mind .
0	But my first was about dinner time and every one was sitting and eating a sandwich and soup etc .
0	No one was sick .
1	I get herceptin once a week through a port a cath .
1	I took all 8 treatments of chemo by IV dumb idea looking back .
1	Makes your veins very tender and remember no blood draws IV taking blood pressure etc on side you had lumpectomy .
1	Makes lymphadema worse .
0	I think your original question was how did I get the herceptin prescribed for me?
1	It is used on the market FDA approved for the treatment of bone mets(tumors in the bone) that are HER2 .
1	My point is if you are HER2 and herceptin is an antibody that kills those tumor cells wouldn't it be smart to start the medication before the tumor spreads?
0	I mean goodness gracious if you have a sinus infection you start antibiotics before it becomes pneumonia .
0	If you have high blood pressure you treat if before you have a stroke!
1	See what I mean but I couldn't get it prescribed BEFORE I had bone mets because it's not yet indicated for 'prophelactic treatment' (treating something before it gets worse) .
1	I know you won't know if you get it or not (double blind study - MD won't even know) but you are guaranteed to get the chemo .
0	That's the constant and they aren't testing it .
0	Make sure I'm right about that!
1	Best thing I took for nausea was Zofran very expensive!
1	If no insurance compazine may work just as well .
0	It made my Parkinson's a lot worse otherwise worked just fine .
1	Hi Toni: The best advice re expecting to be sick during chemo is to try not to have any preconceived notions of what you expect to happen .
0	Try to remain positive and let it happen without your being in knots inside .
0	I know that's not easy!
0	If you go in expecting to be very ill then you may unintintionally help that to be the case .
1	If you feel that you simply cannot get the pre treatment anxiety under control talk to your doc about it and ask for something which may help .
1	NERVES alone can contribute to nausea .
0	We've all heard the tales (many from years ago I might add) of chronic vomiting bone weary fatigue that landed women flat in the bed for a week or two all manner of insult and incident .
0	DISCOUNT AS MUCH OF THAT AS YOU CAN MUSTER!!!
1	Science works at a steady clip and there are so many new drugs now for nausea that it's just one big blessing really .
1	I took Anzamet . One pill prior to the infusions and one each day for 3 days following treatments .
0	My ins . Covered it but I believe the cost is approx . $60 .
0	00 pill) I only threw up when I got a virus in the middle of my treatments .
0	The only real problem I developed and it lasted till I finished treatment was an aversion to drinking water!
0	Plain water began to just taste terrible to me and so I switched to making homemade lemonade daily .
1	Kept a huge pitcher in the fridge at all times .
0	It did the trick for me .
0	I did get a dry mouth sometimes so I rinsed 3 or 4 times each day with baking soda solution .
1	It's a great natural moisturizer .
1	Also I'd get the extra soft toothbrushes to use during treatment .
0	Your pharmacist can order some for you if they're not on the shelf .
0	You don't want any nicks or cuts in the mouth and too your mouth will most likely be more sensitive than usual .
0	I can tell you that after my first treatment was behind me (and except for the virus which lasted a week) I pretty much went about my business as usual .
0	I walked daily resumed Yoga which I'd done years before gardened a bit (veggies growing in pots was a new and fun experience for me . As an avid gardener I wasn't about to give it up that summer and so improvised a way to keep me out of the sun so much but grow my veggies anyway) There are many things you'll be pleasantly surprised by I think .
0	If you give it a chance .
0	Don't go in expecting a disastrous experience .
1	If one anti nausea med isn't doing it for you then you dr . Will try a different one which does work for you .
0	I actually was out in the yard and fiddling with some plants just an hour after I came home from my first treatment .
0	I felt a bit odd but not sick .
0	I'd feel tired on my second day after treatment .
0	When I got the virus I actually wanted the sky to fall on me there for a few days .
0	I couldn't eat drink or much of anything else .
0	I just stayed in bed and threw up .
1	My dr . Kept me in the hosp . For a day because she was worried about dehydration but my husband figured the whole thing out!
1	He made oatmeal for me and would give me a spoonfull every few hours round the clock .
1	It was the only thing which didn't come right back up .
1	It gave me some nourishment and I was able to stay at home until it had run it's course .
1	After which time I was fine again .
0	Just a few things I hope may help you at this time .
1	Once that first treatment is over you'll feel much differently so try to relax as much as possible . Work at and focus your energies on just that .
1	Try to walk into treatment as if you intend to rule the roost and get an easy time of it to boot!
1	AND TRY NOT TO LISTEN TO TOO MANY HORROR STORIES in the interim .
0	Your body is uniquely yours .
0	GOOD LUCK AND KEEP THINKING GOOD THOUGHTS .
1	Hi there I just finished chemo a month ago .
1	2nd time around .
1	Received Zofran and Decadron before chemo and took Zofran up to 3 times a day for 3 days .
0	Was mostly tired this time around overall functional .
0	I wish you the best and know you will do fine .
0	God bless you . Hugs Emmi
1	I too had a bilateral with radical on the right and prophylactic on the left .
0	I went through 6 months of chemo and then within 2 weeks of radiation I developed upper right back pain .
0	It's been a year since I developed it and it's still there .
0	It feels like a pinched nerve .
0	I've been told it was due to the positioning during radiation or scar tissue or the fact that I now carry everything on my left and I might be not standing as straight .
0	No one seems to really know why .
1	I've had several bone scans and x-rays and they are all clear thankfully .
1	I think all you can do is gentle exercises to strengthen your back (yoga) .
1	There are also herbal painkillers that work well too .
0	Hope that helps .
0	I had a modified radical on my left and a simple mastectomy on my right .
0	I am right handed .
0	I have difficulty with becoming sore especially if I do a lot of lifting especially anything over 10-15 lbs .
0	I also have pain at the top of my shoulders at the end of the day .
0	I did not opt for reconstruction so I also at times have pains across my chest .
1	With 23 lymph nodes removed from under my left side I consider myself fortunate to not have had swelling in my arms .
0	It has been two years since my surgery .
0	I just tolerate the pain or consider it a signal of my new limit and go lay down to rest .
0	Hi Lori!My name is Page and I finished my chemo the end of December .
1	I start taking tamoxifen soon .
0	Is it really that bad?
0	I wish I could make you smile - think about positive things . Pray!!
1	Hi I was on tamoifen for 7 years my oncologist believes that you should stay on always .
0	"The depression that you feel is from the cancer and asking ""Why Me"" I know I have had breast cancer 3 times now since the age of 28 and am now 41 ."
0	The thought of cancer is always in the back of your mind but you can't let it overtake your life .
0	If you do it will kill you or drive you insane .
0	"You have beaten this disease and yes forever every ache and pain will make you panic and say to yorself "" Oh God is it Cancer again?"""
0	I still have those times after 13 years but you have to trust in your doctors you gut instinct ( you know when something is wrong) and have faith that it will be ok and is nothing to worry about .
0	I know that this is difficult and not the easiest thing to do but if you continually let cancer run your life it will be more than happy to ablige .
0	You have beaten your cancer put the issue of it back where it belongs and live your life .
0	Your are a Survivor!!!!!
0	Want to talk anytime Thanks for sharing your emotions and thoughts with the rest of us .
0	We are all there with you and have all come out the other side .
0	Dear Lori Hi I have been living with cancer for about a year and a half .
0	So much has happened in that time but the one thing that has not changed is the fact that The Lord loves me and gives me strength .
0	Whenever I feel scared I lean on Him and in His arms .
0	He gives me peace .
0	No one is given more than today so use today for all it is worth .
1	I have been on TAmoxifen for the past year .
0	I haven't gotten depressed from it .
0	You have to let it go and start living again .
0	It isn't always easy .
0	When I think of my children and maybe not being there for them I get sad .
0	But then I say what am I doing today for them .
0	Something that they will remember .
0	I will keep you in my prayers . Strifiletti@safeplac . Net if you ever want to talk . Sandy
0	I had such severe depression that friends began to worry about me .
1	I was able to joke with the nurses and doctors through all my treatments but once I was done and the tamoxifen was in my system I couldn't even laugh .
0	I acted in ways that made me feel like I was having out of body experiences .
0	I had highs and lows which could happen in a blink of an eye .
0	And the worst part was my short fuse with my children .
0	Once that started to happen I took myself off the tamoxifen .
0	I went off for a month then I saw the cancer councelor at the center .
0	I felt like the weight had been lifted off my shoulders .
0	A month later I am slowly being weaned onto the drug .
1	I'm taking about 5 mg and guess what?
0	All the old symptoms are coming back even with such a low dose which the doc said could happen .
0	We're going to give this thing a last try and then we'll put our heads together and think of another plan of attack .
0	You are not alone and you are not going loony .
0	I can't tell you how many stories I've read about this reaction or how many people I've chatted with who've suffered too .
0	Talk with your doc and discuss your options .
0	And if their is a councelor where you went for treatments see him or her .
0	You won't believe how sympathetic they are or how much better you'll feel afterward .
0	Maybe it's not just the meds it could be that you and I suffer from battle fatigue and we just need a little help .
0	Good luck and God bless .
0	If you need to chat with someone who can relate please email me anytime .
0	Hi Lori I'm a 3 year survivor .
0	No it's not the tamoxifen that makes you depressed but it's the cancer .
0	I've been trying to get over my depression too and have tried several meds that the oncologist prescribed but they make me sick so I just have to work it out for myself .
0	Hang in there it'll get better even though the depression comes back time to time .
1	I switched to Arimidex have been on it for a year .
1	Find it better .
0	I'll keep you in my prayers Hugs Marie
0	Hi I'm a cancer surviror for 5 yrs now .
1	My dr . Put me on tamoxifen and I took it for 5 yrs .
0	I'm not sure if it was the meds or the cancer that put my life in such a state .
0	When I was told that I had cancer I was by myself .
0	Before returning home I had to stop and cry and try to be strong for when I told my family .
0	After returning home I told my husband and of course he was shocked .
0	My husband is a very loving husband but he felt that by not talking about it would would go away and of course it didn't .
0	I tried to tell him several times how scared I was but he would tell me what do you expect me to do .
0	I understand that that he was probaly scared also but I felt like I couldn't discuss it with him or any of my family .
0	Matter of fact some of my family didn't come around me while I was going through my treatment .
0	I felt like I had to be strong for everybody else .
1	I had both chemo and radiation .
0	And my dr . Lied to me telling me I wouldn't get sick from the chemo .
1	He said they had new pills that would control that .
1	Well for me it didn't work .
0	I feel that the Tamoxifen and the depression that I had to start with is the reason I feel like I do today .
0	I have no energy and I don't enjoy the things I used to .
0	I have asked my dr . What I should do and they tell me that this will pass .
0	Maybe you can help me figure out how to handle this .
0	I feel better already just talking with someone that knows how I feel .
1	From what I've read here before I think there are many of us that take anti-depressents to help us cope with the side effects of cancer and tamoxifen whether it be hot flashes or depression .
1	I've been taking Celexa since the beginning of all of this and I think it has really helped .
0	I never experienced red blotches like you're describing but I did get a rather large red itchy area on my hip (about an inch wide but narrow)about 10 days after the first treatment of A C .
0	"My onc wasn't 100% certain but felt that it was some sort of ""shingles"" appearance and prescribed an anti-viral ."
0	It didn't spread at all and went away in about a week .
0	Wondering if you've been exposed to children or anyone who has or could be carrying measles or chicken pox?
0	May just be a mild reaction of some sort particular to your system and the drugs .
0	Love light and laughter Ink
0	I HAD THE RED BLOTCHES ALOTE ON MY RIGHT ARM AND A FEW ON MY LEFT ARM I LOOKED LIKE I HAD AIDES .
0	THERE GONE NOW I HAVE BEEN OFF CHEMO FOR 2 MONTHS
0	I didn't have to have th chemo so I can't offer any advice on those after effects but the sleeping I can .
0	I didn't sleep well following surgery and months latter I still couldn't sleep .
1	I finally got some Ambien and I take it 2-3 nights a week .
0	The further away from Diagnosis the better I sleep but some nights I just can't fall asleep .
0	I don't feel any after effects the next day either .
0	I just wake up feeling refreshed kind of like the commercial . Good Luck Beth
1	I went through 4 cycles of chemo and had the growth factor shots to keep me going .
0	I too had pain and didn't sleep well .
0	However its been almost 3 years since I completed the treatments and I guarantee there is definitely life after cancer!
0	The pain will lessen and your immune system will kick in .
0	As for the not sleeping you might want to try some sleep aids to help with that .
0	Again all your anxiety will die down over time and a sense of peace will return!
0	Hi Britches I completed my chemo almost one year ago .
0	I had joint pain during my chemo but not after .
0	I attribute alot of my feeling good to keeping as active as possible during and after treatment .
1	I know it is hard but even just a little walk on days you are really hurting helped me tremendously .
1	As far as not sleeping my doctor prescribed Tylenol PM which you can buy over the counter and that helped .
0	Hope this helps and hope you are feeling better soon .
0	Expect almost anything literally .
0	Chemo is one of those things where 'the cure is worse than the cause' almost .
0	If you are on tamoxifen that may be causing your joint pain however I'm not I take aromasin .
0	I'm 42 and I get up like my 84 year old grandma .
0	Joints are stiff but they loosen up quickly .
1	I have a hard time with sleeping so I take a xanex at bedtime same dose past 3 years .
0	Diagnosed June 2000 and completed chemo April 2001 I don't know that I'll ever sleep again without help .
0	My memory is not what it used to be I don't think not sure I've forgotten what it used to be .
0	LOL That's 'chemobrain' for you .
0	I don't tan don't burn but don't tan either .
0	Doc says that's a good thing .
0	Personally I like a nice tan but hey minor detail .
0	As far as colds go initially you probably are more susceptible .
1	I avoided heavy crowds especially in small places with poor ventilation i . E . Theaters malls subways .
1	When you go shopping take a pen with you for signing checks or credit card reciepts .
0	Think when you use a pen at a check out stand how many before you have sneezed coughed etc . And then picked up that same pen .
1	In a public restroom after you wash your hands turn faucet off with the paper towel open door with paper towel then chunk it in the trash .
0	These things are just basic infection control procedures taught in med school .
1	Lastly if you chew your nails or put your fingers in mouth or around lips don't you just ate some germs .
1	LOL Also talk to your doc about the flu vaccine and the pneumonia shot .
1	Flu is yearly pneumonia is 1x and then set for life .
0	Hope this helps God bless and good health . Hummingbyrd
0	"Sleeping used to be one of my favorite ""hobbies"" before all those rounds of chemo ."
0	Now I can count on one hand the number of times I have overslept or taken an unexpectedly long nap in the past year .
1	I figure that as long as I don't get so tired that I get into traffic accidents or something I'll look on the bright side and get some extra chores or reading accomplished .
0	All the hip and leg joint pain after chemo and neupogen injections pretty much went away after 6 months for me .
0	Even at its worse I found that laying still or sitting still was tremendously more painful than moving around--whether at work shopping or at home .
0	Now I am fighting a minor case of frozen shoulder that sometimes keeps me awake even with a low dose of vicodin (1 .
1	5 pills a day--I'd call that a really low dose but it usually works) .
0	I had been reading some posts elsewhere where women were saying that their post-chemo joint pain lasted up to 4 years .
1	I try to ride my bike at least 2 times per week (4-5 miles each time) .
1	That might have helped my leg joint recovery .
0	Dear Britches Im not sure how long you have been off chemo but I am guessing it has been recently .
0	I too had joint pian ALL the time!
1	They gave me celebrex (im sure I spelled it wrong) to take and it helped TONS and tons!
0	However I am sure that extra 80 pounds I carred around didnt help much either .
1	About a month after my last treatment I started losing weight and started some moderate exercises and it has helped .
0	I still do not sleep and probably will forever have bad dreams about the cancer journey .
1	I too have been given ambien-which did next to nothing- i do take tylenol PM (the one this just for sleeping -forget proper name) which helps some .
0	Much luck and God Bless Jerilynfrog13@yahoo . Com
0	At the end of six months of chemotherapy I also had major pain in hips and low back .
1	However two months after finishing I am beginning to feel a LOT better and returned to the gym for an hour a day Mon -->Fri this week with the doctor's permission .
0	I have trouble sleeping also especially when there is some confusion or mess in processing the endless bills and insurance claims associated with catestrophic illness .
0	I think the colds and stuff may simply be the time of year .
0	Recalling now that when my children were young the germfest started in October it was always an iffy thing whether they would be able to go trick or treating or travel during Thanksgiving week .
0	Hope this helps .
1	Hello Again - Ambein is a great sleep med .
1	I don't take it every night but some nights you have to .
0	It is not that expensive .
0	Celebrex however will cost a fortune .
0	Try and get samples if you choose to use that for pain relief on the joints .
0	I found that a magnetic sole in my shoes has helped a lot .
0	I don't understand why but someone gave them to me and I love them .
0	As for the question what can I expect now - A LONG BEAUTIFUL LIFE!!!!!!
0	You have made it girl!!!
0	Your at the top of the mountain Enjoy .
0	Hi britches: It's so great to have chemo behind yourself!
0	Congrats on coming through well .
0	I'd say that what you can expect is to feel wonderful .
0	I think that aches coming and going are only sometimes part of the general physical experience which follows chemo .
0	Certain pains are more common with different chemo regimens but then our bodies are each unique and respond differently .
0	I know a lot of women just like me who didn't have any pains .
0	I'd suggest that you not expect anticipate ANY physical pains .
0	Just wait and see what your experience will be .
0	Work on relaxing and discovering the new and wonderful you .
0	As you shed the pains fears . Physical and emotional of your bc experience and find your best perspective you'll again feel balanced and whole .
0	Just have patience with yourself .
0	Rome wasn't built in a day .
0	The colds may simply be due to your weakened immune system which will strengthen with some time .
1	Eat well (consider consulting with an nutritionist) get plenty of rest and exercise and be grateful for each new day!
0	Good luck and best wishes!
0	Love light and laughter Ink
0	I had terrible joint pain after finishing chemo radiation and I'm not even on Tamoxifen (ER negative) .
1	As you shed the pains fears . Physical and emotional of your bc experience and find your best perspective you'll again feel balanced and whole .
0	Mine was pretty crippling .
1	He said he'd prescribe Viox or Celebrex if I wanted but the last thing I wanted was to start taking another medication so I opted to take glucosamine instead .
1	Low and behold four months after finishing chemo my joint pain mostly cleared up .
1	Now I'm 7 months out from treatment and am finally feeling like my old self . Pain gone energy back and sleeping well .
1	I guessing you're pretty recently out of treatment and like I was are itching to get back to normal (whatever that is!) .
1	It just takes time .
0	I've got Happy Feet from this news!
0	Thanks for sharing :D Hugs Sylvia
0	Im dancing with you too this is great news .
0	Thanks for sharing .
0	Kathi that's very good news!
0	That is awesome news!
0	I love good news!
0	Just love to hear good news!
0	Sounds like good news to me .
0	Glad the reports came back quick .
0	Now let's all think good thoughts about the tumors .
0	Didn't know you were back overseas . Have fun . )
0	Love good news! xoxo Victoria
0	So glad to hear of your news and that you are dancing away .
0	Is there a traditional Dutch dance you are doing?!
0	Thank you for sharing .
0	for the support during my sister's surgery .
0	Dutch hugs to all of you . From 5579 air miles away!!!
0	Good news regarding your sister and her path reports!
0	Thank you for sharing -- Kathi .
0	Dancing with you and clapping my hands for your sister .
0	Happy to hear .
0	I have on my dancing shoes .
0	Kathy that's wonderful news . Hope you and your sister celebrate big .
0	I am praying that your Doctor is right and it is not cancer .
0	I know it is going to be hard but try to enjoy Christmas .
0	Having a good Doctorlots of faith and lots of prayers coming your way to help you get through this rough time .
0	Wow Eva what a weight upon your shoulders over this holiday weekend .
0	I can't believe this .
0	At least it's sounding like it might be a benign tumor you do have everything else going in your favor .
0	I'll be sending along my prayers to you this weekend next week we will have lots to celebrate .
0	Praying Eva that it is NOT cancer .
0	I will be watching your posts .
0	Good luck Tuesday .
0	I am hopeful that this is not a cancerous lesion .
0	Hopefully you will be able to set this aside (easier said than done) and enjoy Christmas .
0	My thoughts are always it is not cancer until a biopsy shows otherwise!
0	Have a Merry Christmas in spite of everything else and I will continue to keep you in my prayers .
0	Prayers and hugs Carol
0	Prayers continuing for a hopeful 'non cancerous' result .
0	I can not imagine what you frame of mind -- right now -- so I will ask for peace sleep and HOPE for CURE no matter the results .
0	Better days are in your future -- Happy Holidays to you and your loved ones .
0	I'm so sorry you are having to deal with this .
0	Just remember like you said .
0	God has this .
0	I'll be praying your dr . Is right and it's not cancer .
0	If I can do anything for you please let me know . Send me a PM .
0	As always I love your attitude!
0	Eva I'll add you to my prayer list that you will have PEACE this weekend and Great News next week .
0	With your stats I can't imagine the spot being cancer!
0	Merry Christmas and God Bless .
0	Eva I will be saying lots of prayers that this is not cancer .
0	Please let us know as soon as you find out the results .
0	Good luck on Tuesday .
0	I am sending prayers HugsJan
0	Sweet sister -- What can I say other than I'm staying positive for you and praying this is not c .
0	It would be a rare case with your report I think .
0	I want you to enjoy the holidays and keep up with your faith .
0	I will add your name to my prayer's list .
0	May next week give you peace of mind when you hear the good news from your Dr .
0	This is ALL I am thinking about .
0	Hugs to you sweet sister .
0	We're here for you .
0	So sorry for this scare .
0	I hope that's what it turns out to be - a scare only .
0	In the meantime I'll send hugs prayers and positive thoughts .
0	Praying for you today!
0	you in my thoughts and send out positive energy to help you through this .
0	Please try not to worry too much and enjoy the holiday .
0	I will be praying for you .
0	Eva Good luck tomorrow with the bone biopsy .
0	I hope it comes back negative for you .
0	Sending positive thoughts your way .
0	Sending lots of prayers for you Eva!
0	I will definitely be praying for you .
0	I have the same thing .
1	"Except my report says ""most likely benign"" and to follow up with a PET CT scan in 3 months ."
0	Reading your post put fear in my heart but I will get answers tomorrow when I see my RO .
1	Had a PET scan nearly 2 weeks ago with LOTS of stuff on it .
0	Keep us posted . Much love and hugs Mary
0	If your oncologist believes that this will give you the best protection why are you fighting him?
1	I am not HER2 and therefore did not have herceptin .
1	I did do Arimidex during radiation with no adverse effects .
1	More than likely you won't notice any difference taking Arimidex with herceptin along with radiation .
0	You sound very weary of the whole process and have every reason to be .
1	Just remember that at your stage it will end so I would follow the oncologist recommendation .
1	He is in the business of cancer and you are paying for his expertise in this field .
0	Best wishes to you Doris
1	I took rads only no other treatment during them .
0	I am wishing you the best of luck!
1	I was on Abraxane Tamoxifen and Zometa while I was getting radiation this last time .
1	And my first dose of radiation I was on Tamoxifen and Zometa .
1	I assumed they were being as aggressive as possible .
0	The one thing that was hard was not knowing what was causing what side effects with everything going at once!
0	But remember you do have the final decision after all it is your body!
0	I wish you the best .
1	I did not do Herceptin but I started Tamoxifen 2 weeks into Rads and would have started sooner but the mail order pharmacy messed up my script .
1	My RO thought it was good to start the meds during Rads so he could help out with any immediate questions or side effects .
0	Good luck I don't know if I would have the patience for a grumpy oncologist .
1	I started rads one week after last Taxol and one week after starting rads I started Femara .
1	Made sense to me - no longer doing chemo so there is nothing still 'fighting' cancer throughout body so I wanted to get going on Femara to do what it can to help fight .
1	I'm HER2- so didn't need Herceptin) Susan
1	I am also Her2 positive and got Herceptin every 3 weeks .
1	I had 3 surgeries initial one then one to get clear margins then port placement .
1	6 rounds of Taxotere and Carboplatin followed by 33 radiation treatments .
1	The Herceptin was weekly during the TC then went to every 3 weeks for a year .
1	I started radiation on 9 2 10 and Tamoxifen on 9 7 10 so I got Herceptin radiation and Tamoxifen at the same time!
1	In 11 2010 I had yet another surgery to remove ovaries (recommended since I'm BRCA positive) .
1	After that they switched me to Arimidex since I was then post-menopausal .
0	I don't like the stiffness achy feeling pain with the Arimidex but my doc has convinced me to fight with everything I got so that's what I'm doing .
0	I want no regrets!
0	I hope you decide what's right for you .
0	It's really up to you .
0	But I would encourage you to listen to your onc .
0	From Wikipedia the free encyclopediaJump to: navigation search Not to be confused with foie gras .
0	Fatty liver Classification and external resources Micrograph showing a fatty liver (macrovesicular steatosis) as seen in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease .
0	ICD-10 K70 .  K76 .
0	0 ICD-9 571 .
0	8 DiseasesDB 18844 eMedicine med 775 article 170409 MeSH C06 .
0	241 Different stages of liver damageFatty liver also known as fatty liver disease (FLD) is a reversible condition where large vacuoles of triglyceride fat accumulate in liver cells via the process of steatosis (i . E . Abnormal retention of lipids within a cell) .
0	Despite having multiple causes fatty liver can be considered a single disease that occurs worldwide in those with excessive alcohol intake and those who are obese (with or without effects of insulin resistance) .
0	The condition is also associated with other diseases that influence fat metabolism .
0	1] Morphologically it is difficult to distinguish alcoholic FLD from non alcoholic FLD and both show micro-vesicular and macrovesicular fatty changes at different stages .
0	Accumulation of fat may also be accompanied by a progressive inflammation of the liver (hepatitis) called steatohepatitis .
0	By considering the contribution by alcohol fatty liver may be termed alcoholic steatosis or non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and the more severe forms as alcoholic steatohepatitis (part of alcoholic liver disease) and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH Perhaps this?????????????????? Glad the disease is stable!!!!
0	"A good friend of minewent through bc last year . Her scans showed a ""fatty liver"" . Of course she was unnerved until her oncologist said it was not uncommon for that to show in women with bc . She has had subsequent scans and no mention of this ."
0	Don't know if this is helpful .
0	Wishing you the best Hugs Nancy
0	I just want you to know that you're in my thoughts and prayers .
0	I'm glad there are no new tumors but I would be worried about the liver too .
0	Hope you get some answers when you see your onc . {{hugs}} Char
0	No new tumors in the brain and the bones . That's good news .
0	Please let us know what the onc says on Wed .
0	You stay in my prayers .
0	sound promising and hopeful .
0	Please let us know what you find out on Wednesday okay .
0	Strength Hope Knowledge and Fight .
0	The waiting can be so hard .
0	Don't know too much about the liver problem but hope you get better news on Wed .
0	Glad to hear no new tumors and hope treatment will help the ones you have now .
0	Keep us posted and we're keeping you in our prayers .
0	Carol I am glad that you have an encouraging news .
0	Wishing you good news and positive discussion with your doctor .
0	So happy to know you are feeling better .
0	I pray you feel much better each day .
0	And yes you are very blessed .
0	Andie loves you very much .
0	Hope it continues for you and you have some really good days .
0	Keep us posted Jennifer
0	So glad Pam that you are feeling much better!
0	I'm glad you're feeling better and I hope you have more good days than bad .
0	Yes you are blessed .
0	I am thrilled that you are feeling a little better --take it easy (if you can manage with your busy schedule) .
0	Gentle hugs Vicki Sam
0	KathiM so glad to hear you are feeling better and Hans is watching over you .
0	It's a relief to know that you are doing better and on the mend .
0	Hugs to you dear one .
0	I'm glad you're feeling better and hopefully that headache will completely disappear!
0	Sending my prayers Sylvia
0	Getting free medical care must be a great thing .
0	Kathi glad to hear that you are doing better .
0	Wishing you to get well soon and completely recover from accident .
0	I did not work during any of my txs but then again i haven't worked for 10 years .
0	Some folks say it is a personal decision but I know if that was me I'd find a way to stay home You are right about the money part .
1	It is filthy . If you decide to go back to work perhaps you could keep a bottle of hand sanitizer nearby .
0	I found that during chemo i was pretty much wiped out after each tx and then for several days afterward . I realize that everyone is different so you should do what feels comfortable for you .
0	Good luck with your txs .
0	Please stay in touch .
0	If so they should provide benefits because your immune system will be compromised and you are exposed to the public .
0	The insurance company I represent has paid claims for cancer patients who will be exposed to lots of people germs during chemo .
0	I am currently out on short term disability .
1	I get 26 weeks and am now starting my 5th week .
0	If I decide to stay out fro chemo I will probably have to work during radiation .
0	Foxhilll the decision to work or not work is going to be up to you .
0	After your first treatment you will be able to see how your body is going to react to the TAC cocktail and whether you are going to completely lose your energy level .
1	I was one of those fortunate few who took 18 weeks of TAC and probably wouldn't have been able to work while on chemo .
1	You should also be getting a Neulesta shot the day following chemo and this will help you to get your blood count back up much faster .
0	However as you say money is very dirty to work around and another thing to consider .
0	The younger you are the better you will be able to get through the treatment .
0	I was 63 when I started chemo and I know that after the third treatment I contracted walking pneumonia basically just living in my house .
0	You never know and everyone reacts differently .
0	Another friend of mine also works in a bank and she worked every day while in treatment .
1	She is in her early 40's and says that working kept her mind off of what she was going through .
1	She would take her treatment on Friday and by Monday feeling decent enough to go back to work .
0	I wouldn't worry about what to do until you actually get started with treatment .
0	Your body will tell you what is best for you .
0	Sending good thoughts your way as you begin this journey .
0	And always remember when you have questions you can always come to this board and there will be someone who has been through most everything you are going to need help with .
0	We will be with you every step of the way! hugs Chris
0	I was 41yrs old mother of 2 girls and was dx with stage 2 Estrogen & Progestrogen  HER2 .
0	I was told a very aggressive cancer .
1	I had a lumpectomy to my left breast then chemo of Taxxotere Carboplatin and Herceptin every 3wks for 6 monthsexcept Herceptin I did that one for 1yr .
1	Then had 33 rounds of radiation .
0	Mostly for financial reasons I continued to work thru it all .
0	But I had a desk job mostley clerical I didnt deal with money or people so the decision was easier for me .
1	And like Judy said Im glad I continued to work .
1	It really made me get out of bed everyday and kept my mind off of the cancer treatments .
0	Also I had a great woman boss who totally understood and loved me as a friend plus a very understanding company .
0	So that helped with all my crazy appoitments treatments and all the time I had to take off .
0	So there is a lot to considered when deciding to continue to work .
0	I wish you luck love and strength .
0	MAYBE you could ask to have stool (even if need Dr note) Employers are supposed to accomadate . But I KNOW first hand not always the way! sadly I say that .
0	YOU are allowed so many days for appts this and that . But MUST use up all vacation sick and personal days etc .
0	LIKE I SAID I dont' know much . About it . But I WOULD CHECK INTO IT For sure .
0	Department of you bank should be able to help!
0	Linda I'm glad the chemo worked .
0	I'll keep praying for you though .
0	and I will continue cheering for you and lifting you up in prayers!
0	Strength Courage and Happiness Vicki Sam
0	So glad to hear that the chemo worked so well for you .
0	We're all thinking of you and hoping for an easy time with radiation .
0	Hugs and prayers coming your way .
1	Clear margins - Fantastic!
1	Neo-adjunct does do a lot with IBC!
0	Glad the chemo is working and that you had clear margins!
0	Will keep praying for you .
0	God Bless (((Hugs))) Janice
0	Linda great news on the chemo working .
0	I will continue to wish for an easy time for you during rads in my opinion the chemo was the worst part .
0	Best of luck as you continue on this rollercoaster .
0	We'll continue to be here with support and positive energy .
0	So glad all looks good for you - Amen!!
0	Having Clear margins is great news .
0	I hate to bring this up but when I hear about positive lymph nodes after Chemotherapy I am very concerned .
0	Please ask your doc again .
0	Please forgive I want the best for you and I am not an oncologist .
0	Great news that the chemo did its job .
0	Wishing you luck with rads!
0	Clear margins is great!
0	And good luck Friday with your appointment .
0	Good news you are in my thoughts and prayers Sparkle
0	Thanks for letting us know .
0	Will continue to keep you in my prayers .
0	I wish you luck with rads . Xoxo Jean
0	Really super duper good news!
0	Wishing you the best of luck with rads .
1	Be sure and use the creams your oncologist prescribes from day one .
1	It will help your skin to stay moist and you want that .
1	I used Aquaphor which you can buy in any drug store to keep my skin moist and I used Biafine a prescription when I started getting pink .
0	Get lots of rest!
0	Drink lots of fluids .
1	You might want to wear long pants and socks for your treatments .
0	It is freezing in that room .
1	They covered me with a blanket but it was still cold .
1	One more . If you use Aquaphor and only use what your own rads oncologist says to be sure and wear something that you can just throw away when you finish rads .
1	I wore old tshirts of my hubby's because Aquaphor is really greasy and stains .
0	Even hot water can't get the stains out .
1	I used it mainly at night when I went to bed and greased myself up good . Lol Aquaphor first and Biafine on top of that .
1	And you can't put anything like that on your skin for a few hours prior to your treatment .
1	Be gentle with your skin too when you bathe or shower .
0	Wonderful to hear margins were clear!
0	Best of luck with radiation .
0	The Gals gave you some good advice regarding radiation .
1	You will get through this phase in your recovery hang in there!
0	keep it up . We with you all the way
0	You've been waiting since your surgery for this good newsI'm so glad for you and the family and will continue to keep you in my prayers .
0	Good news on the clear margins!
0	I'm glad to hear you're doing well and that the chemo did it's job!!
0	I will continue to keep you in my thoughts and prayers :) I hope you continue to do well through radiation - my mom has her consultation on Friday as well! *hugs* Heather
0	Linda I am so glad that the chemo is working .
0	You are in my thoughts and prayers .
0	Please let us know how radiation goes .
1	Clean margins and the chemo worked!
0	Keep us updated on your rads .
0	celebrate your good news!
1	So far rads are ok for me .
0	Glad the chemo did its job and the margins are clear!
0	I guess Gabe and Abby are the beautiful children in the photo so if I am right Go Celebrate!!
0	Now I'll pray that the radiation does its job just as well .
0	It sounds like things are moving in the right direction congratulations!
0	Best wishes throughout radiation .
0	Oh Linda I'm so happy that the chemo worked and you are doing good .
0	I'll be holding your hand through radiation .
0	Take good care .
0	Clear margins . Hurray!
0	Hope your recovery from surgery is going well .
1	Chemo is truly amazing .
1	"My chemo was AFTER my bilateral mastectomy so I didn't get to really ""see"" it working ."
0	The advice about skin care is right on .
1	My center showered me with Aquaphor and Biafine .
0	I only needed to ask so you may not have to buy any if your center is like mine .
0	I remember that at first I didn't notice any effects from the radiation .
0	Don't let that lull you into not being vigilant about slathering the lotions on .
0	I never got badly burned and I believe it was partially because I greased myself up every four hours or so once my radiation oncologist told me to start using the lotions .
0	You'll be looking back at this part of your journey before you know it!
0	And I am so glad the chemo worked so well for you .
0	And I hope radiation will finish the job .
0	There's more where that came from (: Positive Energy coming your way . As we speak Hugs Ayse
0	Oh so very happy that the chemo worked for you yippee!!
0	I will keep you in my prayers and I wish you all the best for the rest of you treatments .
0	Good luck Linda You deserve this good news . Take care Kay
0	Linda Take care of yourself and make sure you REST when going through radiation .
0	It may not seem like a lot (10-15 minutes of rads each day) but as you have additional treatments you may get tired more quickly .
0	The effect builds up and as you have more treatments your body works at healing the area of treatment which pulls energy from the rest of you .
1	Like Sue mentioned use the lotion or cream your rads doctor and nurses recommend right from the start .
1	It will help reduce skin problems like burning and dryness .
1	My advice: take naps whenever you can .
0	Take care and keep us posted on how things are going .
0	Congrats Linda on such a good response .
0	My original BC responded really well to chemo too it's exciting when you know your tackling this thing .
0	Best of luck to you on your rads and take good care of your skin as you go through them .
1	Radiation was very do-able for me and my skin held up really nice .
0	This is great news!
0	And I know rads will be a breeze for you!
0	Congratulations on the chemo!
0	Good luck with radiation!
0	"They aren't a ""breeze"" but I am sure you will do fine ."
0	Such wonderful news .
0	Best wishes as you go thru rads . I found radiation to be much easier than surgery or chemo .
0	so glad the chemo is effective against the cancer .
0	I also dod much better in rads and hoping it is the same for you !
1	From what i understand that is usual in IBC .
1	My first doctor did not do chemo again after the radiation and that is why i ended up in this mess .
1	If your doctor does not advise chemo again get a second opinion .
1	I had 11 nodes removed and 5 were positive doctor told me that was good but he was so wrong .
0	It is better to be safe .
0	This is wonderful news!
0	Linda I am happy to hear the wonderful news!!
0	Be diligent and cream your skin per your radiologist's instructions .
0	Lots of Hugs Janelle
0	Good to hear you are responding to the chemo keep it up!
0	So glad you are at home .
0	Prayers for a quick recovery .
0	take it easy . And happy you are home!
0	Happy you are home!
0	Glad you are home .
0	I know you are resting in your own bed!
0	Make sure to take it easy .
0	Rest relax and recover .
0	Please rest your tired body and soul .
0	WE will be sending positive thoughts and prayers your way .
0	Strength and Courage Vicki SAm
0	Hi Hiedi lot of good thoughts and prayers for you .
0	Just rest and recover and try and try and stay in some peace .
0	God bless you . Alison
0	Sorry to hear that you were in the hospital I certianly hope they took good care of you and that you stay well now .
0	Prayers and (((Hugs))) Patti
0	I hope that you are feeling better .
0	I have been in treatment for IBC for 2 1 2 years and there is hope .
0	I just sent you a pm as I am being treated by the worlds expert in IBC in Philadelphia .
0	I wish there was a way you could see him .
0	Glad your home .
0	You just rest and recover Heidi .
0	Sending prayers and hugs to you!
0	So glad to hear you are home .
0	Get some rest .
0	I will keep you in prayer .
0	Its always better to be home .
0	Get rest then rest some more .
0	Take all the help offered .
0	I wish you a speedy rcovery
0	I'm glad your home and I hope your feeling better .
0	Big hugs to you .
0	Great to know that you got out of the hospital and are home now .
0	It is always so much better to be in your own home .
0	Rest and recover quickly now .
0	Good luck with the PET scan .
0	Happy you are home .
0	Now rest relax and recover .
0	I'm glad you're home . Rest and take care .
0	Hope you are feeling better .
0	I will keep you in my prayers for your petscan on Friday .
1	This is a happy week!
0	"Please tell her to keep the lotions on as she is still ""cooking"" ."
0	What are you and Donna going to do with all the spare time you will have now?
0	Congratulations so glad she is done!
0	This is wonderful news!!!!
0	Happiest of Thanksgivings to you both~this is a milestone to be celebrated!!!
0	I am grinning from ear to ear!
0	Give Donna a big hug for me .
0	Congratulations on being a Rad Grad!
0	Happy Thanksgiving to you & yours! &hearts Cat
0	You are a hero to many of us here on the board Bob .
0	Bob congratulations to you and Donna on joining the Rads Grads Club .
0	It's been a long road through treatments but you both made it .
0	You are a special husband and I'm sure Donna is thankful for you .
0	Have a wonderful and Happy Thanksgiving!!
0	Congrats to the finish of rads .
1	That is so great .
0	Remind her to continue using the creams for weeks .
0	The skin will still be reacting to the the rads for several more weeks .
0	It is truly wonderful that she is done with this .
0	Blessing to you and your family .
0	I continue to keep Donna and your sister in my prayers .
0	Congratulations on your Rad Grad .
1	Tomorrow will be a real day of Thanksgiving for you and your family .
0	Enjoy and keep using those creams to moisturize the area that was treated with the radiation .
0	Congratulations! . More to celebrate on Thanksgivig!
0	Donna should be doing the happy dance :-) Hope you both enjoy Thanksgiving . {{hugs}} Char
0	Congratulations to your dear Donna .
1	It's not an easy road that's for sure but she made it and now she can should pat herself on the back and start healing from all this trauma .
1	My best to you both . Jan
0	I never remembered any dates other then my last day of radiation . ( i recently looked up) been on tamoxifen 15 mths . Great thing is it has my U .
0	I keep it out on my counter and look at it almost every day-means nothing to others . But to me . Ahhhhh feels good
0	OH Bob that is wonderful!!
0	Not having to think about that for the holidays is a blessing .
0	Next year is looking up!!
0	Happy Thanksgiving & EAT ALLOT!!LOL Take care Kay
0	Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! congrats to donna and you !!!!
0	Congratulations Donna and Bob .
0	A Big Congratulations to Donna on finishing up with radiation!!!
0	This happened to me too .
0	Better that he go back in and get the rest of the DCIS than leave ANYTHING to chance .
1	In my case my margins were not clear .
1	The second round will be much easier and quicker because your lymph nodes have already been taken out .
0	Lumpectomy is not an option for me . But I agree get it all out!
1	Leave nothing behind so you can have many many many cancer free years to come .
1	"I had a similar experience except when they did the second ""re-incision"" the pathology report re-classed me as Stage 1B (it had been Stage 0 after the first partial mastectomy--called that because they took more of my breast than expected) ."
1	I found that the incision took a bit longer to heal because it had been re-opened but this was easier because they didn't need to take any nodes the second time .
1	Even though I had no node involvement my onc wanted me to do chemo because I had a high-grade tumor (1 .
0	2 cm) and I am triple negative so there is no hormone treatment that will work for me .
0	I'm half-way through the 6 chemo treatments with new side-effects each time .
1	"What a challenge it is to stay positive as new things start to ""appear""--this cycle my feet are burning last cycle I got a rash and the first I had dental issues ."
0	I'm looking forward to radiation (33 treatments) which means that I'll be finished with the chemo!!!
0	Your onc is being thorough and that is a good thing . You really wouldn't have wanted it any other way I mean to go through all of this and not be sure that he got it all would be more upsetting .
0	Chin up . We are all in this together . It has to get better!! <<<hugs>>> JoAnn
0	I am sorry that you have to go through surgery again .
0	Praying for a clean path report this time .
0	Keep us updated .
1	I was fortunate this didn't happen to me . But a close friend had this experience 3 TIMES!
0	Took three surgeries to get clean margins .
0	Each time pathology said the margins weren't clear enough . If it's any consolation she said other than being put to sleep 3 times it wasn't bad at all .
1	She even played tennis inbetween!
0	The surgeon used the same incisions . She also had clean lymph nodes and after her third surgery she was onto radiation in 3 weeks .
0	I hate this is happening to you but I don't think it's all that uncommon .
0	I wish you the best
0	I also had a re-excision .
1	Unfortunately on the first lumpectomy I had 10 positive nodes .
0	So the second surgery (for clear margins) was actually a piece of cake .
0	You'll do great .
0	I know it wasn't what you wanted to hear but thank God you had no positive nodes .
1	See--there's always something to be grateful for!
0	No I had clear margins with my lumpectomy and then rads .
0	I am sorry you have to have this done but you want clear margins .
0	Glad to hear that your nodes were clean!!!
1	Sorry to hear that they have to go back in .
1	I had a lumpectomy first .
0	My margins weren't clear and he wasn't sure he would be able to get everything if he went in again that's why I opted for a mastectomy .
0	That was my personal decision .
0	Hang in there I know a few ladies who were completely clear after their second lumpectomy .
0	Just try to keep a positive attitude!
0	go back to the OR but . Congratulations on the negative nodes!!
0	That is wonderful news .
0	Just to give you different input .
1	I had DCIS (stage 0)9mm x 13mm grade 3 .
1	In one of the lumpectomy margins she removed there was a spot of calcification .
1	I was told the radiation would take care of it if there had been any left behind .
0	I did NOT have sentinal nodes tested since DCIS is by definition confined to the ducts and not invasive .
0	My rads were finished 9 4 09 .
0	No further sign of trouble on either the mammos or the MRIs .
0	Good luck with whatever you choose . ~~Connie~~
1	its dissapointing I know to not have it over with .
1	My first time I had a couple of re-exisions before they did a mammo and found all these microcalcifications .
1	I ended up with a mastectomy and got a recurrence a year later .
0	1994) turns out I had scant but scattered DCIS . So better to go in and get it cleaned up and be done with this mess .
1	Yay on the negative nodes that is the most important part .
0	But had nodes removed-all fine . And then I had 8 wks radiation!
0	So far almsot 2 yrs since all ok . Going to Oncologist Friday & think getting ok to go annually for mammo . Yipppee (been every 3-6mths)
0	On the good side this will be your chance to be cancer free .
0	Even though you don't know me I am right there with you .
0	Hopefully this second attempt will be your last .
0	sorry to hear you have to go through this again .
0	It isn't easy for fears can rush in but know it just is .
0	It isn't easy facing all the news and then decide our own treatment plans .
0	Hang in there and I will be thinking of you .
0	Strength is an amazing feeling and sometimes resigning ourselve's to what ever it is we finally decide can take off some of the pressure and stress .
1	First of all celebrate the node negative!!
0	Secondly the same thing happened to me and recovery the second time is a piece of cake .
0	Though I had month and a half between my surgeries . May have made a difference?)
0	I too was pissed off that I had to go back in BUT the great news of BENIGN BREAST TISSUE is so worth the journey . And I hope that for you :) Blessings and hugs Stace
0	I had a left lumpectomy and a right mastectomy five years ago they told me the same thing they didn't get a clear margin .
0	Since it was the first operation I had ever had in my life it totally freaked me out and I told them there was no way I could handle another operation .
1	Also I am self supporting and was concerned about holding my position at work if I stayed out additional time .
1	I chose the alternate method of doing chemo and radiation which I probably would have had to do even with the second operation .
0	I have been cancer free for five years however some small specs showed up on my mammogram recently .
1	I was called to the surgeon???S office and told it might be cancer in the very early stages .
1	I did the biopsy they recommended and the results were negative no cancer .
0	The surgeon said I want you to have an operation anyway .
0	I didn't know what to think and wondered if this was just a surgeon trying to increase business .
1	I told him I wanted to talk to my oncologist before making a decision .
0	My oncologist went along with the surgeon .
0	She said they did not get good samples and some of the calcifications (specs) might be cancerous .
0	I am scheduled to have them removed on March 23 2011 and I am still not convinced that I have cancer but I am afraid to take a chance so I am taking my doctors advice .
0	I know you must feel anger as I did but it might be best to have it removed to prevent cancer from returning in the future .
0	May God bless you and give you strength through this difficult time .
0	It happened to me too .
0	I was angry at first too because I thought why didn't they just take more the first time .
0	Iknow now that this is common figure the microscope shows them more and thank God it did .
0	Just part of the fight against the beast .
0	God Bless you and keep you .
0	Anger is one of the emotions that we have also!
1	I went through this as well .
1	DCIS is not bad non-invasive .
1	But it's best to go back and get clear margins .
0	Second time wasn't bad at all .
0	I even walked into the surgery room!
0	And I let them set me up while I was awake .
0	I was proud of that one .
0	But yes get those clear margins .
0	Negative Lymph Nodes is GREAT news .
0	Good luck with it all .
0	Keeps us updated please .
0	I had my first surgery on Sept 22009 .
1	Before going into that surgery I knew I had 1 malignant small tumor .
0	Just as the radiology doctor was marking that tumor she said she had to put me on the mammogram .
0	She found another tumor .
0	I was in SHOCK .
0	The one was malignant but the second one found was benign .
0	Went back to the surgeon .
0	He said good news and bad news .
0	The good news I got it all .
0	The bad news I would like to go back in to check margins .
1	Two days before the second surgery I felt something .
0	I only had 2 days to go so waited till I was being prepped for the 2nd surgery .
0	I told my doctor(surgeon) I felt something .
0	I thought it was fluid build up .
0	He felt it too .
0	Said we'll know more when we go back in .
0	Well it was another benign tumor .
0	I am glad I didn't have to wait for the second diagnosis and glad I found it .
1	I am Stage 0 DCIS malignant tumor was 1 2 centimeter .
0	No chemo or radiation but wonder about the radiation .
0	It was talked about what should be done with me at a convention .
0	So I agree with it . Wasn't happy with the second surgery needed .
0	My friends who have breast cancer only went through it once and their cancer was much more invasive .
0	They kept saying why didn't he get it all the first time .
0	But with me finding the other tumor it all worked out .
1	I am sorry Heidi that this is turning into more than you thought .
1	The simulation took the longest for me maybe 30 minutes or 40 .
1	Then I got the tattoos and I was off for the day .
1	My sessions of rads after that only took maybe a couple of minutes .
0	It took me longer to undress than for the actual treatment .
0	LOL I hope that everything goes well for you and that you do start your rads on Monday .
1	Good luck
0	you've got some fancy radiation going there!!
0	I hear your fear and frustration but it does sound like they're going the extra mile to take care of you .
0	Hopefully they'll zap all the bad stuff right out of you:) xoxo Victoria
0	You want them to be perfect with rads and it sounds like they are doing a really good job .
1	Good luck when you start next week .
1	I did my treatments on my lunch .
0	10 min drive each way (20 mins round trip) changing clothes etc . I was back to work within an hour .
1	I HOPE all goes smoothly .
1	I did the dry run tattos etc and shaped the form i laid it & started day or two later .
0	Practice holding your arms above your head to get the muscles ready .
1	You may be in better shape and maybe you did not have surgery first but every time I went for radiation the muscles under my arms were sore afterward from keeping my arms over my head (mostly on the side they took lymph nodes from) and I was only on the table 20 minutes or so each time .
0	I agree that it sounds like they are trying to be very thourough to be sure they get it right .
1	Just keep reminding yourself that it is temporary and it is zapping the cancer out of there . Seof
0	I had a form fitted pad (not sure of real name)like foam beads in plastic and sucked air out so each time I went in . I would just lay the same exact way each time .
0	so sorry that the rads situation is stressful .
0	It is frustrating but you want them to do what's best for you .
0	Since you won't be done til after Christmas think of it as a way to start the New Year! {{hugs}} Char
0	The good news is that they are being so very cautious with your precious heart .
0	Sorry it will take a bit longer than you thought but it sounds as if you have a very good professional team and that's so important for a great outcome .
0	We'll all be right here to cheer you along all the way to the finish line .
0	think of it as you are getting the care you deserve! glad they are being careful with you .
0	Sorry about your frustrating day but enjoy your days now without going to rads everyday .
0	Everything will be fine .
0	I know it is hard when you just want to get started .
1	Once you do it will pass quickly and you will be done before you know it .
0	I know that delays are such a pain but it seems that they are really on top of this and that they will be watching everything closely .
0	It's like everything is hurry up and wait .
0	Prayers that you do well and don't have burning issues and the time passes quickly .
0	Don't give up or give in to Fear of the unknown .
0	Stength and Courage Vicki Sam
0	I so get wanting to be done and looking toward that date .
0	"It did get pushed back for the ""right"" reasons ."
0	When I get to rads I hope my team is as careful as yours is being .
0	Good luck Monday and let us know how it goes .
0	Everyone has different number of lymph nodes usually between 20 to 30 .
1	How many were taken vary from person to person as well as from qualification of your surgeon .
1	The best source is your pathology report .
0	Ask for it if you have concerns .
0	"Hey Katz I do know the ""poorly differentiated"" means that it is a highly aggressive cancer ."
0	"It's the same thing as ""grade 3"" ."
0	At least that's what mine was .
0	"It said ""grade 3 poorly differentiated"" ."
1	ER is the estrogen receptor was positive PR- is the progesterone receptor was negative and the HER neu2 is the Human Epidermal Receptor .
0	Now whether or not it is pos . Or neg .  I don't know .
0	The 3 may mean the same thing as grade 3 .
0	As far as e-mail goes try going on the first page to the connections column to e-mail and see if that works .
0	I hope this helps .
0	Her2 is considered or - just like ER and PR are or - .
1	HER2 has levels of how fast it is reproducing cells .
0	Sounds like yours is multiplying at a rate of 3 .
0	It's still called HERnew2) .
0	Don't let the number scare you .
1	They are stopping mine from multiplying too rapidly or overexpressing by giving me Herceptin .
0	I am almost done with my treatment .
0	I am ER- and PR- .
1	They gave me surgery chemo and Radiation and Herceptin .
1	Chemo was Taxotere and Carboplatin along with Herceptin .
1	That's called TCH .
0	I don't know how to use email on this so if you email me post something so I will know to go look for it .
0	This will be a question only your onc . Will answer .
1	I am triple positive also and am on Femara .
1	Because of the tiny size and way early stage no chemo for me so no Hercepten .
0	Fought to get it but to no avail . Said that side effects outweighted the benefits .
1	MOST hormone positive ladies either go on an AI or Tamoxifen .
1	Some refuse them completely after the other treatments are completed .
1	Me I took Femara because there was nothing else .
1	Femara was easy for me .
0	The side effects I had (except for the thinning hair) lessend with time .
1	I was lucky and didn't have severe side effects .
0	Hope this helps alittle .
0	Come back and let us know how you are .
0	Good luck to you on Monday .
0	Sending gentle hugs .
0	Glad you are feeling good Vicki!
0	wishing you a very speedy recovery!
0	On with the healing on with the fight!
0	Please keep us informed about your progress!
0	Wishing you a speedy recovery!
0	well done! just remember to do your physio exercises to keep everything loosened up and stretched =)
0	Glad to read you are feeling pretty good .
0	Give your body time to rest and recover .
0	In other words don't overdo it .
0	Wishing you a speedy recovery .
0	Sending you gentle hugs and get well fast wishes Heidi!
0	It sounds like you are doing really well and that is great news .
0	Congratulations of getting this step behind you - I hope your recovery continues to be smoothe!!
0	I'm glad to hear your feeling well 2 days out .
0	I had a bi-lat on 3 24 . Just remember to pace yourself!
0	Have a great weekend!
0	and easy healing .
0	Take everything easy and be gentle to yourself .
0	Be sure and update us on how you are still doing .
0	So glad to hear you are doing well .
0	Wishing all the best for you Take it easy .
0	Glad you are feeling much better and home now .
0	Sending you healing thoughts!
0	Glad to hear it went well and you are feeling better . Just take it easy and let everyone wait on you for a while . You will be up and around in no time .
0	Please do not try to overdo it .
0	Let your body tell you when to slow down .
0	I had the same thing in April and people had to keep reminding me that it is major surgery and you really do have to take it easy .
0	If I tried to do too much I could really tell it .
0	Glad your surgery went well for you .
0	Let others pamper you and help you .
0	You just need to concentrate on healing and resting up .
0	It certainly sounds like you and your family have been through a lot and I am so sorry .
0	It sounds like you have recovered well from your surgery and I certainly wish you the best during your chemo .
0	You have certainly been hit with a lot to handle .
0	It sounds like you are doing an amazing job with all of it .
0	Take care of yourself .
0	Please bring your concerns here .
0	There are lots of wonderful people on this site to help you on your journey .
0	Good thoughts and hugs El
1	I was told unless I miss understood my doctor that if I would have had my uterus at diagnosis ( which I did not )they would have removed it .
0	I am on Tamoxifen .
1	Now I think if I had not had my ovariesand had completed menapause then I would have been put on the other drug .
0	I am really sorry for all you have been through .
0	I am glad you found all of us here .
0	I'm glad to hear you are recovering .
1	The only suggestion I would have about sleeping is just to make a nest of pillows around your head and sides .
1	I also used one under my knees .
0	Wishing you continued healing .
0	Glad too that you are recovering .
0	Just give yourself time to heal .
0	You just had major surgery .
0	Your situation is very similar to mine .
0	Also had a bilateral mast no nodes and breast tissue all clear .
1	I also was advised by my surgeon likly no further treatments but you will be referred to an oncologist to confirm .
1	Be careful and make sure you are 100% comfortable with the oncologist .
1	The first one I saw believed anyone who has been diagnosed with cancer should have chemo end of story . Which didnt jive with any of the previous info I had been given .
1	My elation vanished after that visit .
1	I got a 2nd opinion and he was wonderful . He explaiined in detail all of the info from the path report and why he felt the Oncotype test was a good idea .
0	I trusted him completly and agreed to the test .
1	He believes it will confirm his opinion that no additional treatements are needed and their benefits dont outweigh the side effects .
1	If my score comes back high we will discuss treatment options and I will go with whatever he suggests .
0	It will be another week befor I get those results .
0	I am celebrating with you and it is wonderful to see good news posted .
0	Just because we may not need additional treatments our lives have been forever changed .
0	Friends and relatives will begin to put it all aside and think we should as well they sometimes think that if we didnt have chemo we really didnt have cancer . We did and we carry that with us always .
0	I pray for continued strength for everyone here in this difficuly and ongoing journey .
0	Trying to plan the sleeping arrangements for my wife for upcoming surgery .
1	I am thinking of getting a better mattress for the living room Futon so I can sleep there and leave her the Bedroom to herself .
0	I also plan on taking a week of work .
0	I hope that is enough to get her halfway on her feet .
0	It looks like you took a good week before you felt like coming to the computer .
0	I only have two weeks paid vacation and want to try and save it if something else comes up .
0	Glad you are doing well .
0	I have a pedicule tram flap coming up .
0	I had the same problem as you after my surgery - I cannot sleep on my back and could not get comfortable on my sides .
1	My husband brought our recliner into the bedroom and I slept wonderfully!
1	I could move side to side easier and semi-prop on my side with my head up or down as I pleased .
0	Good luck on your recovery!
1	The recliner is the best idea if you have one .
1	Another is to use a big pillow to prop yourself up a little and then surround with pillows .
1	The best is little neck type or thin pillows to get your arms a little away from your body .
1	If you can find some small pillows with the tiny micro beads in them they are really nice . Or some thin tiny pillows Brookstone sometimes have the micro bead ones .
1	When I had my surgery the only way I could sleep was to sleep on the couch in our family room .
1	We moved the coffee table close and put pillows on it---that way I actually managed to stay on my back and not disturb the drains or incision .
1	"My 21 yr . Old daughter slept on the loveseat close by so I felt ""safe"" ."
1	She woke me up for my meds and I was able to go right back to sleep!
1	But when I was finally able to sleep on my side in my bed that was great .
0	Anyone can make up a testimonial.
0	Testimonials are not facts.
0	Dana Farber is considered a center of excellence by the National Cancer Care Network.
1	I just buried a friend who sought alternative treatment first at stage one at that point it was curable.
0	By the time she sought standard treatment it was too late.
1	The time to seek alternative care is after traditional fails.
1	I have been taking Opdivo infusions since mid April.
0	I was tired before I started and tired after.
1	Since I began Opdivo after having had Gamma Knife chemo and a lobectomy it's hard to say what effect Opdivo had on my energy level.
1	I did have pseudoprogression you mentioned (didn't know there was a word for it - thanks!).
0	One new tumor appeared right after starting and was gone completely two weeks later.
1	I am currently am in NED and my oncologist still has me planned out for two more years of Opdivo.
0	The possible side effects have me thinking but when you think about no cancer treatment is without risk.
0	On a side note for a long while I just accepted my fatigue figuring it was better than nausea and pain.
0	But after awhile I started wondering what the point was in surviving if I spent most of my days in bed or on the sofa.
1	I asked my oncologist if she had any solutions and she prescribed Adderol.
0	Have to admit I have mixed feelings about taking a stimulant on a regular basis but not enough to stop enjoying the vertical life.
0	Hello Lisa first off words do not aduically describe the depth of pain and sorry people go through with news like this.
0	my mom died of lung cancer 1 day ago. she was diagnosed 3 months before.
0	she was 61 years of age.
0	I will say this everyone is different be there for mom try and be strong for her.
1	you will find strength.
0	The life expectancy you read about is based on the experiences of hundreds of thousands of patients and their outcomes charted on a bell curve.
0	There is no way to tell where your mom will come out on that curve.
0	As you explore check out the inspire.com website.
0	While there search for entries by stage4 survivor.
0	He no longer participates there but his entries remain.
0	His stage 4 adenocarcinoma was discovered because he was having cognitive issues.
0	It turned out he had several brain mets with the lung primary.
0	That was 17 years ago and he's still kicking.
1	In the past year there have been 6 new treatments approved for lung cancer.
1	A couple of them cross the blood brain barrier and can prevent mets from developing or getting larger.
1	The key to treatment is based on the testing of the cancer to learn where the DNA got screwed up.
0	I was diagnosed with StageIV with brain mets last May and the prognosis for your mom maybe be better than you think.
0	"If she only has tumors in her lung and brain this is a fairly rare situation called ""Oligometastastasis""."
0	That's a fancy term for having only one metastasis.
0	Since mine was also in the brain the oncologist wanted to go after that one first as it was affecting my speech balance and other motor functions.
1	We discussed whole brain radiation brain surgery and radiotactic surgery (in my case the brand name was Gamma Knife.) Since the downside of whole brain radiation didn't appeal to me and cutting my head open was well cutting my head open we opted for the Gamma Knife.
1	After the gamma rays cooked the tumor we began platinum based chemo (Carboplatin and Pemetrexed).
1	The lung tumor shrunk to the point that it was ready for surgery.
0	Again we discussed options.
1	The surgeon initially suggested a wedge resection which would cut out a part of my lung around the tumor.
1	However I personally thought if you're going that far she might as well take out the whole lobe to make sure it was all gone.
1	Plus to a non-doctor like myself it seemed simpler for her to cut along the lobe rather than cut out a wedge.
1	She agreed so that's what we did.
1	Before and after surgery my wife and I hounded both my general oncologist and the surgeon to do genomic testing on the tumor as last year nivolumab had just been fast-tracked by the FDA for approval.
0	Not that we didn't expect the treatments to work but I always feel better if I have a next step in mind and hope I don't need it.
1	After a couple of months of reminding them they finally sent out a sample for testing.
0	Then more mets started popping up but still only in my brain.
1	"Did two more rounds of Gamma Knife to get rid of them and my oncologist wanted to ""wait and see"" what happened over the next few months."
0	Well since the brain mets were coming weeks apart we said our goodbyes followed our radiology oncologist to another facility.
1	We went to the general oncologist armed with a box of files including the hard fought genomic testing results.
1	"The first question she asked was ""why aren't you on Opdivo"" (Bristol-Myers Squbb brand name for nivolumab)."
0	Turns out I was in another rare case where 20% of NSCLC patients have the PDL-1 protein marker that allows Opdivo to do its work.
0	"The PDL-1 ""hides"" the tumors so the immune system ignores them."
1	Opdivo removes the protein hiding the tumors and kicks up your immune system.
1	Now while the day to day side effects of my twice monthly Opdivo infusions are a piece of cake compared to the traditional chemo I had before it is not without risks so don't think I'm touting it as a miracle.
1	Each of us is different and what cures one person might well kill another.
1	But in my case it is working.
0	Right before I started I noticed a new tumor ouside my lung.
1	The oncologist wanted to leave it alone to see if the Opdivo did anything.
1	It got bitter right after starting Opdivo then disappeared completely in about two weeks.
1	So back to the main point:  Oligometastasis is a good thing.
1	Offers a remote chance of a cure and a better chance of survival.
1	Just google it and your head will be swimming with medical jargon before you know it.
1	If your mom's oncologist hasn't heard of it maybe it's time to shop around for another one.
1	In the meantime I'm going on a limb and suggest strongly that you get the primary tumor in her lung genomically tested.
1	She may not have the PDL-1 or PD1 protein but there are some mutations it may have that will widen her treatment options.
0	I have no idea what the future holds.
0	The first oncologist that saw me in the ER when I was diagnosed told us not to make plans for Christmas last year.
0	Today I am currently in NED and doing my best to stay that way.
0	Thanks for getting back to me.
0	Sadly I was on the esophageal boards 4 years ago when my dad was diagnosed with stage IV esophageal cancer.
0	He passed away about 4 months after diagnosis.
0	And here we are again. Hard to comprehend.
1	I had read about Opdivo but we're still just getting the initial treatment plan set up.
0	And I'm waiting to hear what the 2nd opinion (online) from Dana Farber will be (not expecting a different diagnosis just want to make sure the treatment plans are similar).
0	I've been here in NJ with my mom for 9 days now.
1	I'm taking her to radiation tomorrow and then have to head back to Boston.
0	My aunt and cousin will be taking over driving/helping out through Tuesday when her radiation tx ends.
0	It has been so hard to watch my mom go through this but it has also been a blessing to spent this much time with her.
0	I am cherishing every moment.
0	As for chemo even the radiation has been tough for her (making her tired and she also can't drive while on the pain meds.).
0	She is excruciatingly independent and that has been one of the toughest parts for her.
0	With my dad gone it is going to be so difficult for her to go through chemo here while living alone.
0	Right now she says she wants to stay here in NJ for tx but i think she is warming to the idea of coming to Boston as she realizes that she's sick and needs help and can't do it all alone.
0	My daughter is almost 13 and my son is 9. Unfortunately my in-laws can't help as they are much older and live in Pittsburgh. (This is the time in life I begin to wonder why we ever moved so far from family).
0	This week the kids stayed in extended care at school until 6pm and my husband left work early to get them.
0	I have a wonderful supportive community where I live so I could possibly do this again for a few weeks while she undergoes chemo here.
0	It has been tough on my husband and kids but they know it's been even tougher for my mom. I will keep you posted.
0	Thanks so much for listening.
0	You appear to be a kind good hearted person willing to go to such lengths to help your mom go through this.
0	In fact your post is the reason I joined this forum today.
0	Your mom  is blessed to have you your husband and your kids.
0	But having you all around her instead of in another state sounds like it would be much better for everyone involved.
0	While she is the one who physically has cancer it affects your family just as profoundly.
0	Yes having cancer can be terrifying and losing a measure of independence is a challenge.
0	But as you pointed out Boston is where your life  support system and family are and you will be more able to help her if you are on solid ground yourself.
0	It's like what the flight attendants tell you before takeoff:  Secure your own oxygen mask before assisting others.
0	I was diagnosed with Stage IV NSCLC last year and in the beginning I thought the cancer was mine.
0	The rest of my family were concerned spectators but hey -  I was the one with cancer.
0	Didn't take long though to see the suffering my family was experiencing and became clear in the first few months that the cancer was all of ours.
0	Their suffering was as difficult for them as mine was for me just a different kind.
0	My kids (10 and 20 at the time) were afraid to lose their dad and my wife was terrified of losing her husband.
0	Cancer is very generous.  Everyone in the family gets their serving of pain.
0	Glad to hear your mom is warming up to the idea of moving to Boston where your support system could become hers.
0	You won't be much help to her stressed out about her her treatments and taking care of her at the same time worrying about your family back home.
1	The fact that her radiation treatments are ending and the chemo hasn't started yet makes this an excellent time for you to take her to Dana Farber for a second opinion.
0	If you take her before chemo and present it as an option to consider and not a decision that has been made that might help with the transition.
1	I wouldn't wait though as switching doctors and medical facilities during ongoing treatment doesn't sound like the best of ideas.
0	Hi Diana I so hope that you will answer this.
0	My husband--age 56-- has been diagnosed with pancoast tumor in Oct. of 2010.
0	Everything is going against him (horners syndrome above right lung tumor was in spine inoperable).
1	"He has been given the ""big guns"" of high doses of chemo and radiation--- which took his back pain away (thank God!)."
1	A month later he went for a check up and couldn't get a CAT or PET due to inflammation of his larnyx and breathing tube--- they had to get very close to that area with radiation.
1	He has the next appt. for Jan. 5 for a CAT and PET and we will be given the results on Jan. 10th.
0	He was regaining his strength and stamina through minimal exercise but has always (since diagnosis) felt like he was breathing through a straw and has labored swallowing.
0	Maybe this has improved??? But now the last few days he has had quite harsh pain in his upper chest area--- front and back.
0	Naturally we are concerned and anxiously awaiting to get the results of his scans.
0	Please communicate with us as we need to hear of success stories.
0	Thank you Sincerely Bonnie Pearson ---- bpearson57@gmail.com
0	Yes Alan I did mean Oct. 2011... getting my years mixed up.
0	"I am sorry about your hardship but no matter how many ""extra"" years you get you always want more."
0	We are new in this fight.
0	We were not told what stage this tumor was in but we do know that it was measured at 97 cubic centimeters...
0	Steve has suffered since April 2011 with a very painful upper back with countless trips to the chiro.
0	That was followed with laryngitis in Sept. for 5 weeks before he went to the Dr.
0	It made the dr. sit up straight when he mentioned that he didn't know if it was related to his throat problem but his right eye lid was droopy--- well of course you know what that means.
1	"A few days later we are regular visitors at a hospital with radiation (7 weeks with the ""big guns"") and chemo (1 week and 1 day at the beginning and then again at the end-- again the ""big guns"") after we were told that it was inoperable."
0	For 3 full weeks (over Christmas) he had no pain good appetite and his stamina and strength was going forward slowly but steadily.
0	But throughout during and after the treatment he feels like he is breathing through a straw and swallowing is labored due to the pressure of the tumor on this area and/or the radiation was directed as close to that area as they dared without ruining it.
0	Now that brings us to today.... the last 5 days he has suffered brand new pain in his upper chest area--- front and back and both of his arms and hands.
0	This is terrifying to us as the pain had dominated his right body mostly and now it is in both sides.
1	Tomorrow we go for a CAT and PET and will get told the results on Tues. the 10th.
0	Thank you for any tips or/and encouragement you can give us.
0	We hope that you are enjoying a good quality of life.
0	Hi Bonnie That all sounds really familiar.
0	Mine was upper right and involved spine in T1.
0	I know that no 2 cases are alike but these are pretty close if you ask me.
1	"I did 35 tomo rads and the ""heavy hitter"" chemo too. cisplatin and etopocide."
1	after that 7 weeks I got re-evaluated for surgery.
0	couldn't be done without risking paralasys because of spine and the bone damage.
1	I went to Cyberknife and 6 taxotere treatments.
1	That pretty much did it in.
1	I've been in remission since Jan. 2010.
0	I go for scan in 2 weeks to follow up.
0	I feel confident about staying in remission.
0	There are after effects that still linger.
1	Nueropathy in my right arm is about it though.
0	It's liveable could have been way worse right?
0	I know of a few survivors of this who have many more years than me.
1	The surgery to remove a pancoast tumor is pretty brutal and I'm actually happy not to have gone through it.
0	There are lasting effects from that too.
0	Most of what he's feeling now is probably caused by the radiation and will subside over time.
1	my tumor is reduced to scar tissue and is visible on CT.
1	I would just say to be patient don't expect to recover overnight treatments are invasive and aggressive and mostly successful.
1	You can ask about post treatment physical therapy.
1	I did and it helped alot. Good luck with the scans  I'm sure there will be big improvements.
0	It's a bumpy ride but it gets better.
1	I had my upper right lobe removed Jan 3 2001.
0	Still have pain but is getting better.
0	Not as tired anymore still out of shape.
0	My doc said it would probably be a year before I'm back to half way normal of course being macho I didn't believe him but I now believe.
0	We had a major trauma to our bodies and to our mental.
0	My biggest problem is for about 4 months I was a couch potato. Have gained 25lbs but mowing the lawn and doing yard work helps.
0	I forgot what it was like to smell the Roses.
0	Take care it's a good pain.
0	Thanks for answering so quickly.
0	I needed to hear from someone who has gone through this.
0	Did you have anything else done besides the surgery? Any other treatment?
0	I have rib pain and still have some difficulty getting deep breaths.
0	My internist has prescribed an in haler because I do have times of shortness of breath.
0	Nothing else done since surgery.
0	I found out I had cancer Oct 10 2000.
0	I met with a ogyn & sugeron and listen to what both of them had to say.
0	I initally wanted surgery but went on the internet and search for info.
1	"Sloane- Kettering had a little article about chemo first then surgery survival rates ""appeared"" to thriple."
1	"My ogyn wanted to do chemo so 3 days before surgery I canceled and started chemo for nine weeks. Last chemo Dec 19th surgery ""good way to start the new year"" Jan 3 2001 with rescheduled surgery."
1	Reports after surgery said at time of tumor removal it was dead.
0	I feel chance of cancer spreading due to mestortises (spelling) when lung was opened is little to none.
0	That's my story and personnel feeling I don't know if I made the right decision.
0	If 5 years from now I'm free of cancer then I'll think I'm right but still won't know for sure. How about you.
0	I was so glad to read that you no longer have pain.
1	I had a massive drain tube inserted during surgery and it was removed a couple of weeks later.
0	I have had pain in my right shoulder blade ever since.
0	Some days are ok but others are living hell.
0	JannyI had upper left lobectomy 18 mos. ago.
0	Mine was also early detection.
0	I am non small cell adenocarcinoma.
1	I did not need any treatment but every 6 months I get a catscan and xrays.
0	I agree with you that I have never experienced pain like that in my life.
0	I still have flashbacks about the pain altho they are getting farther apart.
0	It's funny cause I can walk and hardly get out of breath but climbing stairs to fast and I have a hard time breathing.
0	Do you have trouble wearing a bra? I cannot wear one cuz it presses on the incision and bothers the nerves from the surgery.
0	I had upper right lobectomy may 2011. I am 51 stage 3A.
0	At this point I have days when I feel pretty good and then I have days where my back and under breast just squeeze tight.
1	Here is a tip regarding bra wearing buy a bra extender I started out wearing 2 and now I can manage just one.
0	Forget underwire. Anyone out there can help me with this My family has a house in the Catskilles when ever I go my pain from surgery increases.
0	Could altitude have aanything to do with this??
1	I too had an upper right lobe removed.
0	Still have a good deal of coughing and my lung capacity does not feel normal yet.
0	I seem to have quite a bit of pain around right rib cage.
0	Seems my body is telling me I still need rest.
0	Never been one to nap but I do need a nap mid-afternoon now.
1	Like yours my tumor was caught early so I did not require chemo or radiation.
0	Hoping springtime will relieve me of this cough.
0	Actually it is not so bad unless I talk.
0	I have two grandchildren (3 & 5) and after a couple of hours with them I crash and burn the following day.
0	Guess our stamina comes back ever so gradually.
0	Your story caught my eye my husband just underwent an upper right lobectomy in February.
0	He is going back to work tomorrow on his surgeon's advice.
0	I worry it's too early as he too has pain especially in his ribcage where the tubes were.
0	When did you have your lobectomy?
0	His incision is still swelled and  a little red surgeon said it's just inflamation and normal.
0	He too gets tired quicker than he use too.
1	They say it takes a year to heal completely starting to believe it.
0	I had a left upper lobectomy 18 mos. ago and I feel wonderful today.
0	Give yourself time to heal and be patient.
0	I was a good ten weeks before I felt like a human again.
0	Today I walk 2 miles a day.
0	I guess I was lucky I never had trouble breathing.
0	I get shortwinded climbing stairs and doing physical work.
1	It was a very painful recovery but I tried to walk in the house a little bit each day.
0	During recovery from surgery I felt very lonely a lot of times altho I had a wonderful supportive family and friends.
0	I also experienced depressionanxiety and crying jags.
1	My Doctor put me on antidepressant medicine and it has made a big difference.
0	Also  these feelings are normal. Our bodies have gone thru a major trama undergoing major surgery.
1	The biggest thing I found was to listen to my body.
0	Rest when you are tired cry when you are sad talk when you need to.
0	One day you will feel like a brand new person.
0	Hope This helped you.
0	If you have any more questions I will be glad to talk with you.
0	I am a 59 year old female.
0	"You may wish to start a new post instead of replying to ones that are more than a month or two ""old""."
0	Folks come and go quickly on a board and old posts rarely get checked so you don't get replies to your questions.
0	I hope you are doing well with your operation.
0	It is normal to take pain meds for about a month after major surgery.
0	If you had VATS surgery you should soon be ready to take over-the-counter meds instead of the prescription stuff.
0	It may take longer if you had conventional surgery.
0	I am at stage 1a too both for breast cancer and for lung cancer.
1	I met with a pulmonary oncologist once but she said I was too healthy to see her!!
1	I still see my breast oncologist as they have preventitive meds for that I can take.
0	I sure wish there were medical ways to prevent future episodes of lung cancer too.
1	Exercise and good diet is about all I see supported by research as a way to stay out of the operating room.
0	I just came to this site to possibly get more info on recovery after a lobectomy.
0	I noticed the dates from the posts so I am not sure I am in the right spot.
0	I also read the other person saying maybe would be better to start a new post.
0	I haven't done this before and haven't been on this site for discussion boards either.
0	So being new to this I will keep checking out what is available.
1	I had upper left lobe removed on 2-28-11 and working on the recovery process.
1	No further treatment for the lung cancer is needed.
1	I had a triple bypass late 1998 and lumpectomy for breast cancer which was in a lymph node also; and breast reduction a year ago.
1	Still taking meds for that after radiation.
0	This surgery is more painful and I a guess I am just looking for more info on recovery from the surgery.
0	I was 45 years old when I had my lobectomy in Sept. 2009.
0	I have always been in good shape and I was quite shocked to learn I had a mass the size of Rhode Island in my right lung.
0	The mass was making me very sick and it had just about destroyed my upper right lung so they did a lobectomy.
0	Long story short it was not cancer but a severe infection.
0	I did not have the VATS so I have a big ugly scar but I am OK with that.
0	The recovery from the surgery took a lot longer than I expected.
1	I was on hydrocodone for about 6 weeks after the surgery and ibuprophen for a few weeks after that.
0	Even now I still have some discomfort here and there but it's not bad.
0	Do not be surprised if you gasp from time to time.
0	It took at least 3-4 months for the gasping to stop happening frequently meaning several times an hour.
0	It still happens once or twice a day but not every day.
1	I found it much more comfortable to sleep sitting up.
1	I did this for about 3 months after surgery.
0	If you don't have a bed that raises up like a hospital bed you might want to invest in a good chair-pillow.
0	Today I am 47 years old and I'm working on getting back in shape.
1	I do my stair stepper almost every day and I take the stairs to my 8th floor office.
0	There is healing from this surgery. It might be slower than you hope but it will come.
0	If I can answer any more questions I will be happy to do so.
0	All the best to you in your recovery.
0	Thank you PBJ Austin for the reply.
0	I don't know the term VATS but I have a big ole scar across the left upper back and some drain tube scars (ouch) under my left arm kind of on top of the incisions from the breast cancer.
0	The doctors and others have told me that this is about the most painful surgery you can have so I thought I was prepared enough I thought I would be off the RX pain meds after 2 weeks out of the hospital but I have tried the regular over the counter and it doesn't even dull the pain most of the time.
0	I really don't like having to have my husband do the cooking and things I usually do.
0	He is happy to be of some kind of help so I should just relax and let myself heal in the time it takes.
0	It does help though to hear from others that have had the same done and how it effected them.
0	I am not in as good of shape or as young as you were when you had your surgery but I have bounced back after my other surgerys pretty quickly.
0	Well again thank you so much for your reply.
0	I am glad you are doing so well and that you didn't have a hugh mass of cancer. Very fortunate.
0	My lung cancer was caught at a very early stage due to a scheduled CT 6 months after a bad case of pneumonia during last summer as a f-up scan.
0	At that time they saw a new spot that had not been there during the illness in the summer.
1	I was very lucky but it was in a bad spot so they had to take the whole upper left lobe.
1	At the time they were not absolutly sure it was cancer but pretty certain from the Pet Scan.
0	It was but caught very early so I am lung cancer free now.
0	Well gees too many words. whew wore me out! Thanks Again.
0	Thank u for your candid post on your experience.
0	I had upper left lobectomy 2/9 and am going thru the same feelings.
0	A little lonely being at home and trying to do activities in the house to keep me active.
0	I am lucky to have friends checking on me ss well ss my 20 and 22 year olds who are home in the evening.
1	I though I'd recooperate sooner but its a slow recovery.
0	I am 53 and was very active before my cancer reoccurence-ugh!
0	And surprised the way it came back but lucky it was found!
1	My big concern is I have to have my other lung wedged and at that time a liver tumor will be removed so I hope to heal by end of month.
0	I see the liver surgeon March 15.
0	Anyone other thoughts on healing from this surgery?
0	I am trying to remain positive but the rib pain sure can hurt.
1	I sm on ibuprofen q/4 hours and take a Norco at night when pain peaks.
1	I had my right middle lobe removed Dec 3rd and NOT by the VATs procedure so it is a completly diferent recovery..
0	I too thought I was ready to deal with the pain but this knocked me off my feet..
0	I returned to work part-time the middle of feb but was still taking vicoden at night and exhausted by the time I would get home from work..
1	I am 51 years old and in good health and my tumor was found on a routine chest x-ray have been staged 1a but will continue to be followed by an oncologist.
0	I spent hours on web sites looking at recovery time frames for this surgery and it takes alot longer than most of us were led to believe by our surgeons..
1	I still take extra strength tylenol 3 times a day and don't even get me started on what its like to wear a bra!
0	I do feel better than you do at 6 weeks out but please be patient with yourself continue to do your breathing exercises walk when you can get as much sleep as you can (I take lunesta at night as I feel better in the day if I get a good nights sleep) and it will get better but it is a slooooooow process.
0	What is the VATS procedure? I haven't read enough apparently and the surgeons office never mentioned it.
0	All I know is I have a large incision on my upper back and holes on the side where the drain tubes.
0	I am sure it is going to take longer than I though for sure.
0	I had a triple bypass when I was 50 and I don't remember it being this bad and was back to work after about 4 weeks.
0	I am 63 now and had surgery for breast cancer early last year with radiation and now this.
0	I think my body is getting a bit tired of being cut on. At least I am now retired and don't have to go back to work like before.
0	But summer is just around the corner and there are grandkids (17) I want to see so the recovery will have to speed it up a bit.
0	I am working on it at least.
0	VATS is video assisted thoracic surgery.
1	That is how I had my right lower lobe removed.
0	It is more of a laproscopic surgery.
1	I had 2 small incisions (one on lower back and one of right side) about 1 inch and then a larger 3-4 inch incision (on side and rounding under breast) and a drain tube (under breast).
0	I have a total of 4 scars from the surgery with the largest being the 3-4 inch one.
0	I had surgery 8 weeks ago and I still have minor pain in the incision areas an if i move wrong it hurts.
1	However VATS is a much smaller surgery than an open type like you indicated.
0	I did notice an increase in incision pain since I started chemo.
0	Hi everyone. I am a 55 year old female and I had the lower lobe of my left lung removed 8 weeks ago.
1	My cancer was also stage 1a ? no chemo or radiation required.
0	Even though I had VATS I am still in a great deal of discomfort.
0	I have a total of 5 incisions ? 4 small and 1 longer one on my side.
1	Surgeons had to remove a portion of one of my ribs in order to get the lobe out.
0	The pain is mostly in the muscles in my back and around my rib cage now ...
0	I feel battered and bruised all around that area. Sleeping is difficult.
0	I went back to work this week but feel like I could use another few weeks off!
0	I agree with sissylu1 ? it does take a lot longer to recover than our surgeons lead us to believe.
0	I know it is definitely taking a lot longer than I thought it would! I don't think anyone knows until they've been through it which is why this discussion board is so great!
0	Sounds like we just need to be patient. God bless us all ...
0	Friends I don't want to contradict any advice your doctors have given you since every case is different.
1	But when I was trying to wean myself off hydrocodone I tried Extra Strength Tylenol and it did nothing for me at all.
1	I called the doc and he said forget Tylenol it won't help. He recommended ibuprophen.
0	Please ask your doctor which pain reliever is best and do not make any changes on my advice this is simply what I was told.
0	And don't be discouraged if the pain or breathlessness lasts longer than the surgeon predicted.
0	The same happened to me.
0	Don't push yourself your body will heal when it is ready.
0	And do keep believing that your strength will come back but these things take time.
0	There is life after lobectomy.
0	Gentle hugs to all who are recovering from this surgery.
0	You are so right about the bra issue grama17! I also went the tank with a shelf-bra route.
0	"I did find that ""Barely There"" makes a couple of very stretchy bras that work out pretty good when I want just a little extra (but not too much extra) support."
0	Well not sure you are still on? Came to this site for info.
0	Have not had my surgery yet.
0	Very interesting. I am the kind of person who wants to know what might lay ahead of me! I want to be pre-pared I know I will want things to move along quickly as far as recuperating.
0	I have a goal! We have plans for a trip to Hawaii the end of Oct. 
0	Which will be just 3months out from surgery.
0	Won't know if any of my lung will actually have to be removed or how much if that? So what can I expect? Should we cancel our plans?
1	My husband actually had 2 surgeries- a right upper lobectomoy jan. 2011 and then a lower left lobectomoy March 25th and then a second surgery April 8th to repair a leak that had occurred as a complication from surgery- was in the hospital a total of 3 weeks.
1	A collapsed lung May 4th. BUT on July 1st we boarded a plane and went to Mexico for 2 weeks.
0	No problems with his breathing on the flight there and back. Keep your plans!
0	I am exactly the same way and I do not like surprises...
0	anyway I had the middle lobe of my right lung removed the old fashioned way on Dec 3 2010 and I asked a ton of questions about how long I would be off pain level etc...
0	"what you will keep hearing is ""it's different for everyone"" which is not the answer I wanted to hear."
0	My second child was graduating in June of 2011 and we wanted to go to Hollywood CA for a graduation trip...
0	me being the pre planner that I am I already wanted things in place..
0	then I started to panic that I would not be up for the trip or that I would not be able to keep up with her.
0	We just got back the beg of July and had a wonderful time..
1	now keep in mind that is 6 months out but I really started to feel back to my old self by May..
0	having a goal is a good thing to strive for..
0	you might not be able to do EVERYTHING that you wanted but you can still have a wonderful trip..ps I did buy the trip insurance just in case.
0	Everyone's case is different..
0	the VATS is a shorter recovery time..
1	I had my surgery the traditional way..
1	if I were you I would plan on being off for a month-if you have VATS that may be a reasonable time period to plan for if you wind up going back to work sooner than that you could do so...
0	I know how hard it is to plan with this kind of thing but plan for longer than expected so you don't have the anxiety of a deadline date to return to work and let others help you when you get home!!!!!!!
0	Please keep us posted.
0	In late 2012 through a miraculous fluke it was discovered that I have a very large (46mm) aneurysm at the aortic root.
0	In the MRI scans they did to evaluate it some small nodules were spotted in my lung.
1	After a followup CT scan and a biopsy lung cancer was confirmed.
1	In Feb. 2013 I had surgery to remove one lobe of my lung.
1	Due to the very early stage of development I did not have to have either chemotherapy or radiation therapy.
0	Long term prognosis is excellent.
0	I get annual CT scans but the surgeon says the likelyhood of recurrance is very low.
0	Initially I was thankful that my cancer had been detected so early and that I did not have to have followup treatment.
0	I hapilly participated in Relay for Life events.
0	However I am now embarassed to claim survivorship.
0	Everyone I know who has had cancer have had to endure not only surgery but extensive and debilitating followup treatment.
1	I was fortunate to only had to have surgery.
0	"I get the feeling that I do not qualify as a ""real survivor"" since I did not ""suffer enough"" while getting the followup treatment."
0	So now I don't even mention I am a cancer survivior unless necessary.
0	I am only a caregiver but the way I see it - you still survived it.
0	Your battle looked different sure but that does not matter. Not to me.
1	I think it is awesome that they caught it so early and you were able to be rid of this beast with surgery alone.
0	Congrats are in order! How much pain and agony you and your family were saved from!
0	Personally I think you have a bit of survivor's guilt.
0	Please do not beat yourself up about this.
0	Take this blessing and live your life to the fullest.
0	Take nothing for granted. Live laugh love.
0	That's how you pay this back. Many your health continue and happiness surround you and yours.
0	I had anal cancer and completed tx on 6-30-2009 and because I was being scanned for follow up a 7mm lung nodule was found in my lower right lobe.
0	Well upon rescan 2 months later it grew to 1.1 cm and had to come out.
1	I had Stage 1a and a lower right lobe lobectomy via vats on 9-23-10.
1	No chemo/rad for the lung.  I had chemo/rad for the anal.
0	I am a survior and a very lucky one at that.
0	Often times lung cancer isn't detected until a later stage.
0	I consider myself a survivor of lung cancer.
1	I too was diagnosed before stage 1 and left lower lobe was removed via VATS.  No chemo no radiation.
0	I just considered that a plus to my blessing to be cancer free and survivor.
0	Please do not think because we did not suffer as others do (I had a sister that suffered and did not make it) that we are not survivors.
0	Thank God that we got to it in time.
0	Good luck and blessings to you!
0	I had my left lung removed 11 years ago because I had a carcinoid tumor.
1	I had no followup treatment.
0	I am getting used to using the term cancer but didn't for years.
0	I also feel like I got really lucky to have been able to have surgery and no treatment.
1	I have recently been attending exercise classes for survivors at a local organization.
0	Just today I spent half of the class convincing myself I had the right to be there.
0	I completely understand how you feel.
0	At age 66 9 months ago I had a VATS lobectomy for stage 1a adenocarcinoma.
0	Upper right lobe was removed.
1	No further treatment needed.
1	They took out 8 nodes all were clear.
1	The surgery pain from the incisions warranted pain meds for about 1.5 months.
0	Mild pain/breast numbness for about 3 months.
0	But I'm still very short of breath.
1	I walk 2 miles 5 x week and do 15 minutes of mild exercises from a workout video (arms stomach squats etc) 3 days x week.
0	I walk slowly and still breathe hard and the same during the exercises.
0	I also have emphesyma.
0	Does anyone know if I may have reached my full breathing recovery?
0	It was improving very slowly for months since the surgery and now 9 months later I feel like it's staying the same for the last month or so.
0	I don't like to walk with friends because talking makes me more breathless.
0	So I walk alone slowly to concentrate on keeping my breathing in control (slowing my pace when I feel my breathlessness increasing too much) so that I don't have to stop during the 2 miles.
0	Also very short of breath when I go upstairs.  Is this normal?
0	Hi all my husband is getting a sore throat from radiation treatments and his doctor says if it gets to the point where he is having trouble eating they will need to stop the radiation for awhile.
1	Just wondering if you all have found anything that helps with the sore throat so he can get the radiation as long as possible.
0	He is half way through his 3rd week with 4 weeks to go.
1	"Ask his doctor for a prescription for ""magic mouthwash"" he will know what it is."
1	This may help enough for him to be able to eat.
1	I did not experience anything but the slightest sore throat from my radiation but as soon as I said my throat felt a little sore he gave me the prescription.
1	I took it a couple of times and it really numbed my throat.
0	I hope this helps. Best wishes to both your hubby and you!
0	I had 35 days of radiation for NSCLC and had the very sore throat after about the 20th session it is from the burnt esophagus.
0	My DR. described as a bad sun burn to the throat this was by far my worse side effect from my cancer treatments.
1	The magic mouth wash does help. Water was like drinking acidfound spring water was best (no floride) ate lots of mash potatoes puddings ice-cream and scrambled eggs worked best for me.
1	Stay away from acidic type foods.
1	I continued with the rads to the end of treatments.
0	It will get better.
0	Best wishes to your husband and you....
0	Not easy but you can beat this..... Dan
0	I can't get it down without gagging then vomit.
0	If I get any down it only lasts an hour or 2.
1	But I will say my doctor just gave me antibiotics for a yeast I infection in my throat to my stomach.
1	Day 2 not much relief yet.
0	I've been there (last summer) but was lucky enough to experience the problem only for about the last 1.5-2 weeks of radiation.
1	It was pretty uncomfortable while it lasted (also my most noticeable side effect of 7 weeks of concurrent radiation and chemo).
1	What worked fairly well for me:
1	Yes get the magic mouthwash.
1	I think it's Maalox with lidocaine or some such mix. It will help.
1	They will advise taking it with a straw which you need to do in order to deaden your throat and not your mouth.
1	I discovered pretty quickly to cut the end of the straw that goes into the liquid as short as possible.
1	You want to be delivering the good stuff to your esophagus ASAP and sucking through the full length of the straw takes too much time and effort.
0	"Eat quickly after ingesting the ""magic"" because the effect will wear off."
1	Follow the food recommendations as closely as possible (everything at room temperature no acid no abrasives);
0	it will get to the point where even lukewarm water is painful.
0	My docs advised against things like mashed potatos; they stick in one place and are actually fairly abrasive.
1	I found that to be true.
1	My salvation for the last week was well-done spaghetti with a lot of butter with the occasional serving of thoroughly boiled hot dogs diced up pretty small.
1	Strangely I also had fairly good luck with corn flakes thoroughly soaked in milk.
1	You will want to experiment with smoothies and pudding of various kinds.
1	You'll have to tough it out to a degree but get into a routine and stick with it.
1	He'll start to feel like a million bucks a couple weeks after the treatment is done.
0	I am still having a sore throat 5 months after radiation for vocal chord cancer.
1	ENT prescribed antibiotic for 3 weeks saying it could be inflamation due to radiation.
1	Still sore throat next step is CAT scan.
0	Has anyone else had this problem? Also I will get a tickle in my throat and the have a bad coughing spell then usually cough up a clear salty mucous.
0	Could this be related to radiation?
0	I see you issue's are probobly long gone.
0	Maybe you can give me some help.
1	I went through 7 weeks of Chemo and radiationwhich was complete 4 months ago.
0	I had cancer on one of my vocal cordsthey say it's gone now.
0	My problem is my throat is still very sore and talking is a real big issue.
0	I just had a PET scan before Thanksgiving and the ENT surgeon said the cancer is gone but the radiation caused a great deal of swelling which doesn't seem to be getting any better.
0	I can deal with the sore throat but my vocal issue's are really frustrating.
1	They have tried several antibiotics and now Prednisone.
0	I go back to the ENT people this Thursday but really I'm kinda losing faith in these Duke Drs for after affects.
1	I was dx'd in 2009 with tumor in the eppligotis...7 weeks of radiation..refused chemo..
0	I had a voice until radiation and it damaged one of my vocal cords so I have been left with just a whisper mst of the time once in awhile my voice works but it does not sound like me.
0	and if I use it to long it irritates m throat and I cough.
0	It was frustrating for a long time but after this long I am just glad to be a thriver.
0	It makes things hard at times...phone calls...jobs...lol I asked about options but there is that chance that messing with my throat could wake the sleeping c and I have absolutly no interest in that.
0	I used to have that happen but it only lasted about the first year after therapy.
1	"It got less and less through the year.y onc prescribed ""Miracle Mouthwash"" that I used daily it was awesome and I always used it prior to eating it made life so much better and I had a standing prescription for it for the first year after therapy."
0	Find out who manufactured equipment being used.
1	Varian was sued for millions for over radiating patients as equipment was not working properly.
1	Also make sure Dr is not over radiating patient.
1	Try adding honey to your daily routine.
1	It is an anti oxidant that has been used to treat burns for millennium.
1	You do not need to buy the 'medical grade' Manuka honey.
1	Any honey is good but the darker the honey the more antioxidants healing and soothing power.
1	Raw honey may contain botulins so use a processed honey.
1	Have a heaping spoonful 15-30 minutes before radiation and again about15 minutes after.
0	I also found eating scrambled eggs easy.
0	Try soups with cream. Cream of chicken cream of mushroom etc.  they help add weight.
1	Make milk shakes with Boost or Ensure.
0	My favorite daily treat during chemo and radiation was a  hot fudge sundae sometimes I added a banana.
1	If you are considering Oasis of Hope hospital my advice to you is too go at your own risk.
1	My brother who was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer went there with high hopes and good spirits.
1	While there he encountered a language barrier problem and a delayed response for pain medication which was finally administered after he paid an extra charge.
0	He arrived home with no particular instructions as to his care- We admitted him because of his condition the next day to our hospital in California and as I've stated before he died 4 days later.
1	After a certified letter 3 Emails and numerous phone calls to Oasis I have received no response at all to my questions not even a condolence card or letter.
1	Please note that the answer to my brother?s original inquires about Oasis were answered within 24 hours with a phone call from the staff.
1	Ultimately it seems that money takes precedence over the care and responsibility due the patients at Oasis.
1	I feel that Dr. Contreras and his staff have acted in a very unprofessional manner and lack the common courtesy which should be expected from a Doctor and his staff!
0	The following certified letter was sent to Dr. Contreras following the death of my brother three days after returning from Oasis Hospital.
0	In the following months many phone calls to the doctor?s assistants took place.
1	After being assured that his case was being evaluated we still have received no response from either him or my brother?s doctors.
0	Please read this letter before making any decision to seek treatment at Oasis of Hope Hospital.
0	The same thing happened to my Husband he got to where he couldnt swallow they took his blood  when we got back to out regular hospital he had to have a blood transfusion we were suppose to make 3 trips and he would be cured from lung cancer we only made 2 we payed 50 thousand dollars this is just not fair my husband went over therein good spirits he started droping wait like you wouldnt believe well he couldnt eat that crap castus drinking alvacado juicecarrot juice it made him sick and 70 pills a day he was taking.
1	He really believed in them he died within 2 months doctors over there 20 years old havent even had time to go to college there is no way they are old enough to be surgeons they said dr contreas has several homes and maids because he has made so much moneycome on he is the doctor there the owner of the hospital and the preacher st the hospital smart mani dont see how he can live with his self doing this to people the people that were there in 2007 walking around asking you what kind of cancer you have they are still there today telling you they got cured from cancer there  Wonder how much they are getting paid to do that CRAZY IS ALL CAN SAY I COULD OF HAD MY HUSBAND PROBABLY ANOTHER YEAR ARE MORE IF WE WOULDNT HAVE WENT THERE AND HE WAS SO SCARED HE DIDNT EVEN NO THEY WERE A SCAM THAT IS WHAT REALLY MAKES ME SICK HE WASNT BUT 62 YEARS OLD ITS A SHAME WE CANT DO NOTHING ABOUT THIS BUT THATS THE WAY IT GOS HE WILL GET HIS ONE OF THESE DAYS 3 PEOPLE DIED WHILE I WAS THERE JUST THAT I HAD BEEN TALKING TO NO TELLING HOW MANY REALLY DIED WHILE I WAS THERE THANKS FOR LISTENING HOPE YOU TAKE TIME TO READ IT AND THINK TWICE BEFORE YOU GO THERE.
0	I have small cell lung cancer.
0	It is making its comeback after the initial chemo.  This was expected.
0	I am looking at it as a trench warfare.
0	I do not look at how bad things are.  I just keep fighting.
0	In the meantime I live life to its fullest.
1	I find meditation yoga and personal fitness very important.
0	I also enjoy healthy adn delicious meals.
1	I have a drink once in a while but rarely.
0	I am probably going to use medical cannabis during this phase.
0	My wife is absolutely useless at this point.
0	You can't tell her anything.
0	She behaves as if she is the one with cancer.
0	She is spoiled rotten and it is my fault.
0	I never thought she would become so wrapped up in herself.
0	I am done with her and it will be her choice if she wants to hang around or not.
0	But she can't continue to ruin my days.
0	I have her set up financially and can walk at anytime if that's what she wants.
0	It doesn't matter to me.
0	I make new friends all the time.
0	I wish there was more to talk about except there isn't my friend.
0	I will be here anytime you want to talk.
0	I am new here.  I did not join earlier because it was not the time.
0	There is too much that goes good when you first get the small cell lung thing.
0	It is the second stage when things start to go south and you react.
0	I have had a persistent cough for months now and was referred to a ENT.
1	He put a camera in to look at my voice box etc and said I needed to get a CT scan.
1	CT scan was completed and the results are below.
1	He has now referred me to a Thoracic surgeon.
0	Could anyone help with thoughts or suggestions? - Subcarinal lymph node measures 12 mm. Left hilar lymph node measures 16 x 13 mm - Nodules noncalcified bilaterally largest 6.1mm (one if right upper lobe right middle lobe lower left lobe and left upper lobe) - left adrenal lesion (21 x 20 mm) is not an adenoma.
1	sounds like they are still determining your condition.
0	I wish you peace and understanding.
0	The journey for my father in law is just begining.
0	We just have the lung cancer dx ..no stage but its in the lymp nodes in the center of the chest and possibly by the face.
0	He is 73 and has a heart issues (high blood pressure and a couple of heart attacks).
0	While I am very aware that every journey is different ( I am St 4 colon NED for almost 7 yrs ) can any one give me a heads up on whats coming for him.
0	When my mom passed in 89 of st 4 lung cancer it was 2 1/2 months from dx to passing.
1	I need to know there is some more hope than it was in 89.
0	Things have improved immeasurably since 1989.
1	In the last 1.5 years we've seen seven new targeted therapies and precision therapies receive approval.
1	The drug Keytruda that helped Jimmy Carter so much for his a stage 4 melanoma with mets to brain has recently been approved for first line treatment in lung cancer.
0	Unfortunately I have experienced this with my brother.
0	By the time he was diagnosed the lung cancer spread everywhere nothing could be done.
1	He didn't want to believe it and tried to find Drs. Who would treat him. No one would except to help manage pain.
0	He died 4 months after diagnosis.
0	I know what you are dealing with and I am sorry you have to go through it.
1	If your mom has a mutation that has a targeted medication for it she may respond well to treatment.
1	The mutations I am looking for are EGFR (Tarceva) or ALK and ROS1 (Xalkori).
1	Occasionally patience with a poor performance score patients who are unable to get out of bed to reach a commode without help with have been known to have a 'miraculous' response.
0	If she is too weak to have a standard biopsy she can request a liquid one.
1	Hi I had surgury Oct 30th 2015 on lower left lobectomy.
1	I did not have to have radiation or chemo.
0	It was smaller than a stage one cancer.
0	I thank God for that and appreciate all the prayers.
0	I do however have a situation that I would like to see if anyone has been thru before.
0	It seems that the vegas nerve was damaged and the diaphragm for the left side is paralized.
0	I cannot walk and talk at the same time.
0	I get out of breath and cannot exert myself.
0	I have trouble with normal everyday things.
1	The surgeon wanted to see if it would improve so I have been dealing with this for 1 year.
1	"The surgeon now says that they can go back in and do a surgery to ""shorten"" the diaphragm to see if that would aleiviate the problem."
0	I would like to know if anyone has had this proceedure and if it helped.
1	I think it is called diaphragm plication.
0	Any comments would be appreciated.  Thanks and wellness to all.
0	You might want to ask this question on the boards at cancergrace.org.
0	It is monitored phys oncologists from a number of NCCN designated Cancer Care Centers of Excellence.
1	Hello..my boyfriend has Stage IV NSCLC also and is on his 8th whole brain radiation treatment.
0	He is doing remarkable well.
0	Functions just fine.
0	Drives himself to his treatments.
0	Appetite isn't as good as it was but he still eats.
0	Quite tired at the end of the day and he does take a nap in the aft. He is only 39 yrs. old.
0	Is your mother taking steroids to reduce the swelling in the brain? My boyfriend is and they say that one of the side effects may be lethargy.
0	I have noticed that my boyfriend has a short temper and snaps at me more than usual.
0	They say that is a side effect of the steroid also.
0	Sorry I don't have more info for you but this is what I have experienced so far.
1	My husband had an olglodendrone glimoa removed at the end of Dec. He had subsequent radiation and is about to do last 5 day/ 28 day apart cycle of temodar.
1	The Mri is showing increased area of concern they are currently unsure if it is tumor or necrosis.
0	How fast do we have to react to this to stop the damage from increasing. Can the damage be reversed.
0	I am so stressed with the timeline for the next Mri that is scheduled.
1	They have him waiting six weeks.
0	He has had a marked increase in weakness and his immune system is nonexistant.
0	He has now presented with shingles.
0	He feels worse now that he did two weeks ago.
0	Hi my name is June.
0	I was a healthy and vibrant 53 yo when II was dx with stage lV lung Ca last Nov 2015.
0	It started out as a back spasm.
0	So much pain had to go to ER. A CT was done of chest and found a 1.0 cm spot  in rt upper lung.
0	I was admitted and bx done showed adenocarcinoma of lung. PET showed lymph nodes affected in trachea area. Next step MRI showed 1 4x7x4 lesion of brain.
1	I was put on 3 rounds of IV Chemo x 1 dose @ 3 weeks.
1	Spot rad knocked out lesion  then I had a rt upper lobectomy.
0	Since then I had a M RI in  Feb 2016 showedv2 more lesions.
0	They were zapped as well.  Last MRI showed 5 more lesions <5mm. Had WBRT end of June for 10 days.
0	If that isnt enough  I got pneumonia last month and almost every joint in my body aches....mostly upper back..deep stabbing pains.
0	Hips feel like Im 90.
0	No steroids and no swelling of brain.
0	I do have trouble sleeping have to lay on back...sex??? extremely painful everyway I turn there is stiffness and pain.
1	If I didnt take 1800mg of Motrin and 60mg of oxycodone daily.
0	I could not function.
1	Next fu MRI and PET in Dec ..  Im not complaining but I wish someone would have warned me...I get by daily thanks to my wonderful Mom and friend support system and mostly GOD.
0	I know he wont let me down. Im doing OK today and tryibg to be positive.
0	Im glad I found this website and I am not the only one going through this Best of luck and take care!!
1	Chemo/radiation/surgery and other evidence-based treatments have proven that one can fight with cancer.
1	There are few documentaries on cannabis oil which have proven to be effective for cancer patients.
1	It is full of nutrition and found to be effective and reduce side effects and helps to recover fast.
1	I found Charlotte's web hemp oil effective.
0	Talk to your dr about a pain patch.
0	I was on a similar pain management program.
1	My primary car dr put me on the Fentanyl patch and I very rarely have to use anything for breakthrough pain.
0	I was able to start getting exercise.
1	Through exercise I was able to reduce my patch strength to 12mcg. The patch stays on for three days.
1	Its much easier on the system and it worked better for me than oxycodone.
0	Had a CT in March and they found nodules in both of my lungs 3mm - 8mm.
0	Follow up scan in June 72 days later the nodules had double in size with the 8mm staying the same.
1	Family Dr wants to wait 6 months and see if the nodules grow anymore??????
0	I know they are small but they doubled in 72 days.
0	Get an oncologist and another doctor.
0	Would he wait? NO@! I dont want to scare you but dont think all doctors give you the correct advice.
0	I made that mistake and now im stage IV when I could have been stage 1 or 2 if I would have questioned the doctors the first time.
1	Get a second and 3rd opinion if your still not satisfied.
0	I learned the hard way dont make the same mistake.
0	"Definitely don't wait!  Fortunately my primary doc kept pushing for the next step.  It was first a ""spot"" on lung."
0	She then ordered a CT and it showed it was a 11mm nodule.
1	She then ordered a PET scan.
1	Even though that showed no activity she then ordered a bioposy.
1	The doc doing biopsy could get only one sample from nodule because it was pretty small and that sample came back negative.
1	"Even though that came back negative she called me and said that she was going to the next step and send me to a thoracic surgeon to ""make sure""."
0	I went in to see him and he immediately said he was 99% sure it was cancer.
0	I was in surgery the next week had my follow up just a few days ago and confirmed it was cancer!  Very low grade very slow growing.
1	I am one of the lucky ones; I'm cancer free now but still need my follow up CTs every 6 months for two years and then one a year after that util the 5 year mark.
0	BUt if my primary care doc wouldn't have pushed for each step who knows what would have happened.
0	I owe her a huge thank you.  DONE'T WAIT!!!!!!
1	Until a nodule has achieved 1 cm (10 mm) It is too small to biopsy.
1	It is likely to yield a false negative.
1	As you may have noticed the OP mentioned that the surgeon was not able to get an adequate sample when he biopsied the 11mm one.
1	There was not enough genetic material to test for modifications.
0	My wife also has stage 4...lung cancer and it is hardest not having any control of the situation everyting is out of my hands...but most importantly it is in the Lords hands.
1	Being here in Florida....and if you are going to be stantioned here maybe you can get your Father to come here....we have two excellent hospitals here.....Florida hospital is in my opinion a life saver....and Moffet...which I know little about but hear it too is an excellent option.
0	"Stories I have heard since my wife discovered her cancer is.....""people have lifed several years with Cancer""...treatment has come a long way so there is hope."
0	I hope you are better.
0	I was just told today this is more than likely in my near future.
0	I am 50 active and independent and want to stay that way.
0	Let me know how it's going now.
1	I have had a lower right lobe lobectomy with the vats procedure for stage 1a NOMO lung cancer.
1	I was in the hospital 3 days and back to work in a month.
0	I am so happy to hear that.
0	I am so nervous.
0	Did you have a lot of pain?
0	How was your recovery at home?
0	I really appreciate hearing from you.
1	Are you having vats?  I had controllable pain for 6 months I only took pain meds the 1st week home.
0	I would try to walk around the house and eventually for walks in the neighborhood.
1	I also did breathing exercises.
1	I was 51 when I had my surgery.
0	Ask me anything you want as I know its scary to go through.
1	The best part is finding it so early at the curable stage.
1	The type of treatment can really vary.
0	It would also be helpful to know what type of lung cancer and what stage.
1	I can tell you my husband had squamous stage 3b and had 3 rounds of chemo over about 4 weeks.
0	He tolerated it very well. He was not working due to another health condition.
0	But I can tell you although he did not vomit he was tired and it was acculumative and also right after the treatment he was a little...well drunk like.
0	So even if he did not have the other condition he would not have been able to work anyway.
1	He was on cisplatin and etoposide by the way.
0	I know that is not much of an answer but  am sure others will ad their stories.
0	Again if you can tell us a bit more it will help.
1	Oh and remember to drink LOTS of water!
0	So sorry to know you have to go through the worst.
1	Chemo sucks but it seems to be working for a long time now. 
0	After chemotherapy my father had so many side effects like headache body pain and vomiting.
0	These all are common side-effects after chemo.
1	He started using hemp oil after his treatment which helped him recover fast and in next few weeks realized that any pain he may have had is no longer there or not as intense.
1	You can add hemp oil in your daily meal juices or even in salads too when you're out of olive oil.
1	It tastes quite nutty and crispy and google says it is powerhouse of nutrition when it comes to healthy fats.
1	We found Charlotte's web hemp oil effective for my father - no side effects.
0	I suggest you to try some reputed brand who have complete control over their growing and manufacturing process.
0	I wish you health happiness and all good things in your life.
0	I am so new at this not sure how my message will work.
1	I had stage 4 lung cancer - 8 months of chemo plus radiation.
1	I did work FT and it was like robotic just did what i had to do.
0	I am blessed with a job that allowed for a flexible schedule so it worked.
1	When/If my lung cancer comes back (expected) I do not think I could do this again.
0	It took a lot of my essential energy out forever but thats also OK.
0	yes I did FT work just cus I need insurance coverage.
1	It was not easy but just what needed to do it.
0	The hard part was months afterwards with fatigue in my situation and a few other changes in my physiology (bowel/chest radiation).
0	I was 54 when I was diagnosed with this cancer which was in both lungs altho mostly in one lung plus in my lymph nodes in the mid chest.
0	I did not have a good prognosis but it is now 8 years later and my cancer has not returned as of yet.
1	I did the chemo and radiation together and altho I was fairly ill at the time it was well worth the pain.
0	Good luck to you and remember that the mind does wonders!
1	I am sorry your drs are not helping with the emotional shock of the diagnosis.
1	There is no cancer until the biopsies prove there is cancer.
0	Its irresponsible for the drs to treat you this way and not answer your questions.
0	When I was 1st dx with anal cancer I asked my dr if he would treat his mother with the same protocal as me and he said yes.
1	My lung cancer was found on follow up scans for the anal cancer and I had my lower right lung lobe removed on 9-23-10 and so far so good.
0	I really like what pbier posted that gives a lot of hope for people in the same situation.
0	Just remember pet scans light up everything its sees and inflamation and infection can light up as well.
0	I wish you well and keep us posted.
0	Yes A second opinion is always a good idea.
0	Please check out the Inspire health web site there are many stage 4 lung cancer patients who post there and have had all the newest treatments.
0	I wish you and your father well.
0	Next I went to MD Anderson (1 Cancer center in the U.S.).
1	There I met with Dr. Reza Mehran? I tell you this because I think that he?s a fantastic doctor (and I?m very selective).
1	Dr. Mehran told me that he felt I should not have the surgery that Hopkins prescribed because he felt that I would not survive the procedure.
1	He asked me to at least postpone my surgery to give MD Anderson an opportunity to give me their honest opinion.
0	During those tests he found a nodule away from my esophagus making me Stage IV.
1	The significant of this is that had I had the surgery at Hopkins and survived I would still have esophageal cancer so the surgery would have been for naught.
1	Dr. Mehran hooked me up with many specialists at MDA.
1	I?m going to end up getting chemotherapy for my cancer starting next Thursday.
1	Hopkins is going to administer the chemo but MDA is going to oversee the treatment.
1	In my opinion Dr. Mehran both saved my life and is giving me a quality of life I would not have had if I had proceeded with the surgery.
0	What is your doctor saying about the negative PET?
1	That strikes me as odd?I?m not a doctor but I thought a PET was a good indicator of whether or not something was at least metabolically active (which cancer certainly is).
1	The PET was negative except for the tumor of course pleural effusion and nodules.
1	Pat I didn't realize that a negative PET scan may respresent cancer that's not metobolically active.
0	I'll be sure my parents ask that question.
0	Maybe this is why it's a little less of a dire situation?
1	Right now the medication he will be taking is Carboplatin and Alimta every three weeks for 9 weeks and then evaluate then.
1	Also I wanted to ask if anyone here knew of someone who still had surgery even though it was stage IV lung cancer.
0	I think we will be going for a second opinion just to be sure.
1	But Pat you also mentioned that it's very important to be comfortable with one's doctor.
0	My parents seem like they have connected with theirs so we shall see.
0	The only thing I worry is 9 weeks later it will have spread but I don't want to think about that just yet.
0	Any other info would be appreciated and thank you all for your words.
0	It's been definitely a tough 3 weeks.
0	So you are likely ok there.
0	My husband has stage 3b squamous.
1	He was not a candidate for surgery as the tumor was too large and too close to the heart so sorry I can't help you there.
1	My understanding is MD Anderson is an excellant facility and can probably get him right away.
0	I would be sure to check it out.
0	Thanks for the help Pat! No worries about confusion.
0	We all want to be sure when we talk about cancer.
1	But yes the biopsy was actually from the liquid they extracted.
0	Thats why they had it at stage 4 because it had spread to the effusion.
1	Not sure if that's a normal diagnosis.
0	We'll definitely send it for second opinion.
1	My wife is having a needle biopsy of a 1.6 cm ggo in a week and is totally scared she has lung cancer.
0	Yet the nodules are not solid.
0	They are what are called ground glass opacities  Have any of you have this or does anyone have information about these?
0	Ground glass nodules usually indicate adenocarcinoma in situ IF it is cancer.
1	You really can't be certain of anything until the biopsy is back.
0	If this is adeno in situ it is an extremely slow growing cancer that doesn't spread outside of the lungs.
0	personally would not wait that long for appointment.
0	Do u hane any other abnormal signs going on besides the shortness of breath ?
1	I would get it removed with NO biopsy...Needle biopsies into the mass...it will leak IF it is cancerous & after results come back you will get rushed to chemo.
1	They can remove them and treat it LIKE cancer during surgery then do the tests after removal... If Dr says to let it go for a while...DON'T.
1	Do not play the russian roulette game of What Ifs...For me..any foreign body that grows in me..I like to get it removed BEFORE it becomes something else.
1	Nodules can appear for a variety of reasons and no they do not always mean cancer however they only way to confirm cancer is to do a biospy.
0	If you have concerns speak to your doctor about the risks.
0	They are the medical professionals.
0	taking a child into that environment?
0	The chemo and radiation can be very exhausting.
1	Most of the timle we don't have energy for a shower let alone clean house and mop floors.
0	When I was finally strong enough to attempt to empty the dishwasher after treatment it took me an hour to empty it.
0	This one and the illness are on you. You want to discuss EXTREMELY STUBBORN?
0	How about the child who is so supremely selfish and ignorant that they can't help their parent clean their home at an extremely low time in their life.
1	I'm not going to be much help but I am goingin for Biopsy 2 on Wednesday.
1	Biopsy 1 was 10 months ago.
1	It was inconclusive.
0	I only have one tumor 9 mm in size now 8 mm in size when first discovered a year ago.
1	They had me watch and wait for six months then gave me a special PET/CT scan to see if they could detect hormonal emissions.
0	I probably do have a rare cancer called neuroendocrine carcinoid which 80 percent of the time secretes these hormones but my tumor is not doing so.
0	I'm pretty sure just because it's so small.
1	So I hope the new biopsy shows something and they will go in and take this whole tumor out and I will be OK. But on the other hand not looking forward to lung surgery so would prefer an absolute negative.
0	"Anything but ""inconclusive"" though."
1	That special scan was PET/CT and it was PET/CT scan 2 although the first one May 4 of last year used a different substance injected into me.
0	That's where they found the lung nodule.
0	I have high calcium in my blood and they were trying to figure out why.
0	They still haven't figured out why it apparently isn't the malfunctioning parathyroid glands 99.9 percent of people with hypercalcemia have.
1	But now they can't figure out what's what with the lung nodule.
1	And this is UCLA supposed to be one of the best cancer treatment facilities in the United States.
1	I'm kind of torn between trying to find if going outside southern California or maybe just to Cedars-Sinai in Los Angeles I would get a better answer and just letting UCLA eventually figure this out.
1	But I guess I start with Wednesday's biopsy and go from there.
0	I hope your Mom's doctors figure out what's best for her but know that you have a new friend here who doesn't have good answers but understands what your Mom is going through.
0	I really appreciate your response.
1	Our pulmonologist said the lungs are hard to biopsy. Harder than the brain.
0	So I guess our situations are not unusual.
0	Praying you get definitive benign results!!!!!  Stay in touch!
1	A PET scan only records metabolic activity and can only suggest that it is suspicious for a malignancy.
1	Only a biopsy can tell if its cancer or not.
0	After 5 years with no progression the presumption SHOULD be that it is a new primary.
0	Please consider having the second biopsy done at an National Cancer Institute designated center of excellence.
1	I had first biopsy at Johns Hopkins.
1	They said it didn't give them enough information.
1	I had to go back for a second biopsy.
1	As it turned out the first one didn't work because the tumor was so large that they didn't get past all the dead cells.
1	The second biopsy gave them all the information they needed to do surgery.
1	After surgery I did chemo.
1	That was 3 years ago and no sign of recurrence.
0	I'm so glad I followed through even though it was very stressful.
0	I hope this helps. Good luck to your mom!!
0	My dad was given 6 months to live when he was initially diagnosed with stage 4 non-small cell lung cancer.
0	It has been 5 years now and he continues to fight the odds.
1	He has been on Tarceva since his diagnosis no chemo or radiation.
1	"He tested ""wild type"" for the egfr mutation."
1	In addition to Tarceva he does a lot of alternative treatments to help boost his immune system and keep a positive attitude.
0	This post is intended to provide HOPE for those who are battling with lung cancer.
0	Your father must be the inspiration for others who are surviving from this same situation.
0	where did your dad get treatment.
1	I am on tarceva now waitung first results of ct scan to see if any improvement  stage 4 lung cancer.. also had small tumor on brain had gamma radition knife surgery waiting MRI next week for check on this.
0	I'm fighting for my life alone lost spouse in May 2014 to lung cancer spread to liver bones was to late.
0	I have no family just friends and care givers I am in my early 60's.
0	How did he get through all the side effects. did he take 150mg or 100mgand  how often.
0	what alternative treament is your dad doing.
0	I am so sorry for your wife?s loss.
0	Please know that you are not alone we are all here to support you in your battle.
1	My dad is in southern California receiving treatment from a local medical group.
1	He has been on Tarceva 150mg for 5 years straight.
0	His cancer has increased very minimally over the years.
0	The side effects of Tarceva have been very mild and tolerable (i.e. skin rashes dry eyes dry nose and upset stomach).
1	He uses special body lotions/creams to help with his rashes and incorporates a lot of holistic treatments including a special diet to boost his immune system.
1	Most importantly he maintains a positive attitude.
0	Please feel free to visit my blog to read more about his alternative treatments.
0	I'll be sending lots of positive energy your way as you await your CT scan and MRI results.
0	I'm sorry to hear that your mom is going through this.
1	There has been a lot of progress made in the field and things are looking up for cancer patients treatment wise.
1	My dad has been on Tarceva since 2010 (no chemo/no radiation).
1	We attribute his strong immune system to his healthy lifestyle (daily juicing soursop leaf tea alkaline/organic diet and excercise).
0	Please feel free to visit my blog to learn more about his alternative treatments.
0	My husband described his back pain as a stabbing deep ache that was constant.
0	He had no lung issues just back pain.
0	After doing a bone scan they found mets to his bones including his spine.
0	They discovered the mets before the lung cancer.
0	That explained the pain he was having.
0	I hope this is not your father's case.
0	So sorry to read that you are having so many problems.
0	First I'd like to verify one thing.
0	Do you have small cell or non small cell?
1	I ask because preventative radiation to the brain is not beneficial in non small cell and does nothing for the patient.
1	In small cell it does prevent the brain mets for many (not 100%).
1	there are two appetite stimulants that may help you.
1	They are Marinol and Megace.
0	If you live in a state that has medical marijuana you might look into it.
1	A member of my cancer support group has had great success with it when the other two didn't work for her.
1	You should consult someone who knows more than I if you go that route.
0	I think that you want a tincture of something higher in THC than cannabinoids but I haven't used it so I'm not exactly sure.
1	Gabapentin and Lyrica are two meds your dr can try to help relieve some of the neuropathy.
1	Look into adding a palliative care MD to you team as they have additional training in dealing with the long term side effects of cancer and other chronic diseases.
0	I am a 5 year survivor of non small cell adenocarcinoma.
0	My friends husband survived 7+ years with small cell limited before dying of other causes earlier this month.
0	There is always hope.
1	Do talk to your doc about an Rx for either the Megace or Marinol if you need a stimulant insurance will pay for.
1	Honey is a natural source of anti oxidants.
1	It has been used for healing burns for 1000s of years.
1	Know that the darker the honey the greater the content of anti oxidants.
1	If you use honey pick one that has been homogenized as raw honey contains botulins and you are immuno suppressed right now.
1	Some people say using it during radiation helps prevent some of the burn but i did not find out about that till long after my radiation was finished.
0	Hooray on getting tastebuds and appetite back.
1	It sounds as though you are still on steroids from radiation.
0	They made me ravenous.
1	My cousin and I had ice cream therapy every night.
0	As for me my stage 4 adenocarcinoma was diagnosed in Oct. 2010 so I am a five year 3 month survivor.
0	I've not had any maintenance treatment.
0	Apparently I am a super responder.
0	When I was diagnosed I was told I might live 10-15 months with treatment.
0	There have been long term side effects.
0	I had osteopenia which became osteoporosis after chemo radiation and the steroids.
0	I've also had 10 fractures on 6 of my ribs 2 of which will never heal.
0	I had 4 compression fractures of vertebrae T6-9 three of which they could repair with kyphoplasty.
0	Please have a bone density test at your earliest opportunity.
1	Exercise has helped me tremendously.
1	In a couple months when irritation from radiation is done insist on a new pulmonary function test to establish a new baseline.
1	Request pulmonary rehab. Also find out if your local YMCA has a Livestrong program.
1	Are you being treated at Mass General?
1	Some of the worlds best thoracic oncologists practice there.
1	There are soany new treatments that have been approved for lung cancer and promising ones in development.
0	Its an exciting time to be a patient doctor or advocate.
0	Congratulations on being in remission!! It's a strange word many people confuse it's actual definition.
0	You are very well spoken and articulate and speak fondly of work and supportivness of everyone how is your home support system?
0	Mortality it's a strange thought that no one else in the world knows except those that have come too close.
0	Your entire outlook somehow changes the urgency fades things just don't appear exciting anymore.
0	How deep are the colors you see now dont they seem deeper? Slow down and just observe you'll be amazed at what you see.
0	Talk less about things and listen more you'll hear more than the words that are spoken. Look deep into someones eyes not to see but to feel what the other person feels.
0	Are you using alll your senses or just going through the motions of life?
0	You ARE NOT or will never be damaged goods! You are Juli seeing the dark side is easy figuring out how to get back out into the light is harder for some but more fulfilling as you knew previously.
0	"Do you still think your ""war"" is really over."
0	It's actually called LIFE and it's meant to be LIVED forever! Smilin is contagious smile often.
1	Physical toxicity can be removed by several methods look into a foot toxicity bath in your area. Diet and excercise help also.
0	Our minds are our greatest assets and our worst enimies!
0	Random anonynomus acts of kindness causes smiles!
0	I'm a spiritual God fearing man.
0	I find solace in the bible to try to help me understand why bad things happen to good people.
1	It gives me inspiration and comfort from the fear that haunts me.
0	You are not damaged and certainly not alone! We're all going to die someday just not today! God Bless You and may you find the peace and grace he offers.
1	I know that it takes about 2 months to get the complete picture and start treatment most everywhere- faster if its small cell.
1	Get a second opinion working now.
1	The Moffet Cancer Center would be the most convenient for you and they are very good.
0	Thank you so much for your response.
1	Recent MRI showed no sign of swelling or other tumors.
1	We have been told that it is result of radiation.
1	Today he could not figure out how to use the remote on TV.
0	Just at a loss and do not know where to turn.
0	I do not want to think I am not doing everything possible.
1	I need the truth.  What does it mean when doctors say patient is on Pallative Chemo treatment.
0	I can not seem to get a straight answer.
0	I understand that my husband's cancer can not be cured or that surgery is not a possiblity.
0	Will the chemo treatments slow progression of the cancer or what? Side effects of radiation are nearly overwhelming.
1	At stage 4 all therapy is palliative.
1	That means its done to relieve the pain and prevent the cancer from growing or spreading.
1	Sometimes a patient will have a complete response to treatment and it will destroy all of the tumor and its mets.
0	That's what happened to me.
0	I had been told I could expect 10-15 months with treatment.
0	That was in October '10.
0	My mom also had problems eating and using technology.
0	This is not rare.
1	My mom had comorbidities which prevented her from having chemo or using Tarceva.
0	She never had a chance to recover from WBR.
1	Talk to her oncologist about an Rx for Marinol or Megace both are appetite enhancers that can help with meals.
1	The numbers of treatment and dosage is based on results of clinical trials done years ago.
1	As new information comes in they have tweaked it a bit.
1	There are standards of practice the drs must follow.
1	you might want to talk to the radiation oncologist and see if they can reduce the dosage a bit though.
0	I had right lower lobe removed Sept 16. Have done very well but the other day was so sore couldn't even take a deep breath.
0	My boyfriend said I was moaning in my sleep.
0	Was sore for two days.  Does this occasionally happen?  I was feeling pretty good before this.
0	For many the pain continues for several months.
0	If the pain is ever accompanied by shortness of breath or elevated heart rate it could be an indication of a pleural effusion.
0	The confusion may be related to the radiation and steroids.
0	Its been less than two months since treatment ended.
0	There is no reason why you can't get a second opinion.
1	If they agree with the care plan CTCA made you will find more confidence in them.
1	"You can try some anti-inflamatory medicines or herbs (teas) which to reduce the ""accumulation"" inside... I am not sure whether you will understand me correctly since my mother language is not English and I am using some kind of translation sites."
0	Still I am writing this since my mother has also been diagnosed and had breathing problems.
0	There was a period when she could not talk almost and we did not allow her to.
0	Now she is caughing but still not so so so bad as before.
1	Now we have another problem to beat and that is to provide more oxigen inside her blood.
0	She is making blood tests and the level of oxyden is lower than normal.
0	So now we will try this. I advice your mother to make this blood test to understand the level of oxigenization and then to think about having some oxigen inside. Still we are trying and hoping and praying every day.
0	At what stage is your mother diagnosed?
0	How has she proceeded up to now?
0	Was she at some surgery or chemotherapy?
0	What food have they advice your mother to eat?
0	Please share also some information as we are fighting every day with the cancer and every kind of information is useful.
1	If the room humidity is low put a cool moisture vaporized in the parts of the house she frequents the most.
1	The OPs suggestion for teas is a good one.
1	Add honey to it to coat the throat and heal any inflammation.
0	Your reluctance to feed him sugar is understandable but studies have shown that they make no difference.
1	Healthy cells need sucrose to remain strong and reproduce.
0	Cancer is a sneaky cell it can take the protein from healthy cells and produce the sugars they need.
1	Moderation is the key word here.
0	I'm so glad you posted. I went (and am still going through) the exact same thing.
1	I had my upper left lobe and lymph system removed.
1	I too had the pet scan with no sign of any spreading prior to surgery.
0	I was cosnidered 'cured'.
0	I like you for whatever reason could not and would not believe that.
0	So I put myself through pure hell for 6 months doing research and getting statistics on recurrence.
0	I looked for reassurance everywhere I could find it.
0	I was driving people crazy.
1	I lost so much weight and was treated for post traumatic stress disorder.
0	No sleep and horrible anxiety filled my days and nights.
1	Then it came time for my first scan.
0	I was convinced my cancer had returned and I had actually accepted that.
0	But it didn't. It was a clear scan.
0	I was stunned. I had talked myself into the worst case senerio recurrent lung cancer.
0	So from that day forward I promised myself I would live the next 6 months entirely differently.
0	I don't read any information or dig up statistics on the Internet.
1	I am in therapy still working on my PTSD.
0	Also I must say I had absolutely no support.
0	I was alone before during and after the entire ordeal.
0	That was so hard. You have a wife and be grateful she is there for comfort.
0	I think that this reaction is very normal.
0	The fear.....after all you have just been through a traumatic experience.
0	It does get easier but it is a form of grieving I have learned.
0	Please find some support that deals with trauma.
0	It will help you.
0	one  thing also I was told by a nurse at one of my appointments......
1	The doctors had no right to call me 'cured'.
0	That I was what is called in remission.
1	That's why we have scans every 6 months for the first 2 years.
1	And then if something odd shows up it will be early enough to do something effective about it.
0	I am able to live a little easier and happier for now.
0	It's been 8 months for me.
0	Now I'm building a little anxiety for that second scan this fall.
0	I believe this is all very normal what you are feeling.
0	Talk about it if and as much as you need to.
0	I didn't have that luxury.
0	I cried a lot and that was ok too.
1	The good news is that they can aim for a cure with surgery at early stages.
1	Most of us scan only hope to be told that we have no evidence of disease or NED.
1	There are two groups that can offer you support by supplying you with a phone buddy who has approximately the same diagnosis and matches your age.
1	They are LUNGevity.org and Lungcanceralliance.org.
0	At the first LUNGevity Hope Summit I attended in 2013 I met a man who had a 2a diagnosis who was in his 18th year of survivorship.
0	At the National Summit in May I met several 20-25 year survivors including a 25 year stage 4 survivor.
0	Keep up with your regular health tests!  contact your hospital's oncology social worker to learn of any support groups near you.
0	Look for a Cancer Support Community or Gildas Club near you.
0	During the course of my 4 yr 9 mo journey with lung cancer I have met (virtually) a 6 yr old who is on her 4th line of treatment for stage 4 lung cancer.
0	There is a special study being initiated into understanding the causes of lung cancer in young people.
0	As you probably already know the average age of onset for this disease is 70.
0	Please consider contacting the Bonnie Addario Lung Cancer Foundation at lungcancerfoundation.org.
0	In October of 2010 I was told I had 10-15 months to live.
0	Both my parents died within a handful of months with their lung cancer diagnosis so I neverER anyone before me who survived this long.
0	Now through workshops I attend I've met stage 4 survivors who have been around more than 25 years.
0	I didn't have lung removal but they went thru my ribs for a biopsy back in 2001 and it still hurts  full rib cage and into the back.
1	I just think it is healing process and it takes lots of time.
0	You had a major operation.
0	I had my right lower lobe removed approx. 2.5 years ago.
0	It took about 3 months to get back.
0	I have complete recovery now and am back playing tennis racketball badminton etc.
0	Just curious though - what type of lung cancer did you have? Mine was bronchoalveolar carcinoma a subset of adenocarcinoma.
0	I have a theory that this type of cancer can be caused by exposure to mold/mycotoxin (toxins produced by mold).
0	Does anyone have BAC and was ever exposed to mold at work or at home?
1	I had my right lung completely removed in January 2003 so it's been 2.5 years.
1	I'm a 44 year old NSC 3B survivor.
1	Plymouthean is right it's a long slow recovery even though I'm somewhat younger.
1	I think I was mostly healed in about 1.5 years.
0	I still have a lot of numbness and some annoying pain but it gets gradually better.
1	I have quite a long scar and they had to cut through an entire section of muscle on me that they normally don't have to do.
0	As a result my muscle tissue has healed together with other muscles and scar tissue which makes everything feel very tight.
1	Believe it or not I get relief hanging from monkeybars to stretch it out.
0	Anyway I don't have many limitations except for example if I run for more than a minute or 2 or if I climb several flights of stairs I will be out of breath.
0	Good luck and remember a smile and a positive attitude help the healing process tremendously.
1	Oh and you might look into a pulmonary rehabilitation program.
1	I credit them with my success.
1	I still attend twice weekly for monitored excercise.
0	The recovery process is definitely long and painful.
0	My Pneumonectomy was done on 9/7/04 I'm still numb under my breast and the scar tissue is very painful pain management is definitely the way to go.
1	My doctor wants me to get steroid shots in the scar I'm not to sure about that.
0	There is also sharp pains that I assume are the nerves healing.
0	The scar is very itchy as well.
0	I'm still not able to move my right shoulder blade.
1	Pain beats Cancer every and anyday.
1	My name is Kelly I had my left lung removed February 24 2015.
0	I would have to say that the pain that you are feeling is normal.
0	They had to break a couple of your ribs to remove the lung and they are a bear to heal.
1	Not only did they break mine to remove the lung 2 weeks after my surgery I was putting my nebulizer together and I broke 2 MORE.
0	I find that sleeping with a WEDGE pillow which you can find at Wal-Mart fo about $20.
1	leeping on an incline helps the other lung not to strain.
1	Warm compresses help sometimes also.
1	I hope you get well soon and if it is really bothering you see your oncologist about medicine.
